<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
   "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" />
<title>Chapter 17 Squirrel</title>
</head>

<body lang="EN-US" style="tab-interval:.5in">

<div>

<h1 id="chapter17" class="page-break-before"><span class="chapter-number">Chapter 17</span><br/><span class="chapter chapter-description"> Squirrel</span></h1>

<p class="introduction">Benjamin reached into the backpack for some water. The desert was unforgiving and not a place for relaxation. He returned the water bottle and upon doing so, realized that there was a piece of paper at the bottom of the bag. He took it out and saw that it was a crudely drawn map. In large letters in the lower right hand corner was the name <i>Selma</i>.</p>

<p>The castle was in the center. To the north of the castle was a forest. To the south were the words <i>don't go here!</i> and to the east were the words <i>you'll die here!</i> and to the west were the words <i>worse than the other two!</i></p>

<p>Benjamin decided that he would walk to the forest but he didn't see a forest anywhere. He didn't know which direction he was walking any longer.</p>

<p>As Benjamin pondered where to go, he heard a faint noise behind him. He squinted his eyes but could not see what was making the commotion. It sounded like an air conditioner getting louder and louder and louder. Benjamin squinted more and noticed a trail of dust being sent into the air by something moving quickly along the land.</p>

<p>It was coming right at him.</p>

<p>Benjamin picked up the backpack and ran as fast as he could away from it.</p>

<p>The humming noise was getting louder and the trail of dust was getting closer. Benjamin ran faster but he could not run fast enough. The sound was beginning to take the shape of a siren like a police car racing down a highway. Something was going to run him over. Benjamin crouched to the ground and braced himself for impact.</p>

<p>&#8220;North! North! North!&#8221; yelled a squirrel as tall as Benjamin's waist. &#8220;North! North! North! North!&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin opened his left eye and saw the squirrel sprint off as dust and dirt flew into the air. He had never seen a squirrel move as fast as that squirrel had moved. He had never seen a squirrel that gigantic before. He also had never heard a squirrel speak.</p>

<p>&#8220;Wait! Wait!&#8221; Benjamin yelled to it.</p>

<p>&#8220;North! North! North! North!&#8221; the squirrel kept yelling in the distance.</p>

<p>Benjamin ran in the same direction but could not maintain the same speed as the squirrel. It was as if the squirrel had an engine that could make it run ten times faster than it could naturally run. At least, Benjamin thought, he now knew where north was. He walked forward and hummed to himself along the way. He thought about how happy he was to not be in school and he thought about what Jupiter might be doing. And after a few hours of deep thinking, Benjamin saw the forest on the horizon.</p>

<p>The forest seemed to be as wide as Benjamin could see. And on the edge of the desert, about a hundred feet from the start of the forest, was a wooden stand with a large sign at the top that read <i>Information Desk</i>. There was nothing else out here. He approached the stand and saw that there were maps, brochures, and even coupons for a variety of discounts.</p>

<p>On top of the counter was a silver bell with a note that read: <i>ring for assistance</i>. Benjamin certainly needed assistance. So, he rang the bell.</p>

<p>The leaves of the forest swayed as if a wide wind had swept across the land. The trunks of the trees moved back and forth while the foliage on the ground moved into the air.</p>

<p>&#8220;Why hello there!&#8221; Benjamin heard a voice but he could not see the speaker.</p>

<p>&#8220;Hello?&#8221; Benjamin asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;Hello there! How are you?&#8221; the voice said again. It was loud enough to be a person but Benjamin could not see who was speaking.</p>

<p>&#8220;Hello? How are you? Where are you?&#8221; Benjamin asked as he strained his head to look around and around.</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm right here! How are you?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm good. How are you? Right where?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Here!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Where is here?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Here? This is the forest!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;No, where are you? Right now, where are you?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh, I'm on the information desk. Welcome to the information desk! The information desk in the forest! I don't get many visitors but that does not mean I am not well trained in the art of customer service.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin looked at the desk and saw the smallest green caterpillar he had ever seen. It was so small that it was hardly visible. It was standing on its end and speaking to him through a loudspeaker.</p>

<p>&#8220;You're a caterpillar!&#8221; Benjamin said in surprise.</p>

<p>&#8220;You're a human!&#8221; the caterpillar responded in mock surprise.</p>

<p>&#8220;You're the smallest caterpillar I've ever seen!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You're the most observant person I've ever seen!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;And you can talk?&#8221; Benjamin asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;And <i>you</i> can talk?&#8221; the caterpillar responded again.</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, I've never heard a caterpillar talk before.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Trust me, son. You're going to see some things you've never seen before out here.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Out here? I'm sure of that.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, outside the castles.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;How many more castles are there?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh, my. You can't be from here. You've got so many questions. Where are you from if you don't mind my asking?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Pennsylvania,&#8221; Benjamin said quickly. The caterpillar's green face turned white and the leaves stopped swaying and the tree trunks stopped shaking. Everything had come to a standstill. &#8220;Why does everyone react this way when I say I'm from Pennsylvania.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Sh! Sh!&#8221; the caterpillar yelled as it held its finger to its lips. &#8220;Don't be so loud!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;But&mdash;&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Listen just because you're from Pennsylvania doesn't mean you have to tell people you're from Pennsylvania.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;But&mdash;&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;OK, so you're from Pennsylvania. What in the universe of dreams are you doing here?&#8221; the caterpillar had its hands on its hips and was tapping its right feet on the ground.</p>

<p>&#8220;I am trying to leave. I'm trying to go back to Pennsylvania.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Sh! Sh!&#8221; the caterpillar hushed Benjamin. &#8220;OK, OK. That makes sense. Why do you want to leave?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, I don't want to leave. And, I can't really. You see a king was kidnapped along with my friend, Selma. And, I need to find them. If I find them, I'll get to go home. So, I want to go home but I need to find the king to do so.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yeesh, this is getting complicated. How did you ever get here in the first place?&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin began to open his mouth to explain.</p>

<p>&#8220;You know what?&#8221; the caterpillar quickly responded. &#8220;It's probably best if I don't know about it. What is your name?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;My name is Benjamin.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin, it's a pleasure to meet you. My name is Myrna Delacourte. Now let me see here,&#8221; Myrna said as she rummaged through the brochures and informational papers properly organized in the information stand. &#8220;Forest. Forest. Forest. Going north. Things not to eat. Things to eat. Things best left untouched. Sorry, Benjamin. I don't have any information guides for getting to Pennsylvania.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't need a guide for getting to Pennsylvania. I need a guide to leave here for Aloysius Trenhaile's castle.&#8221;</p>

<p>Everything around Benjamin went silent. Myrna Delacourte's eyes were as large as the rest of her body. She dropped the brochures. It seemed, Benjamin thought, that people outside Castle Ehtahl spoke of Aloysius Trenhaile exactly as people inside the castle did.</p>

<p>&#8220;Well,&#8221; Myrna responded with shock. &#8220;I hope you never say that name again. I don't think you want to go there. Here. Here. Here. Let me show you some wonderful brochures about the forest. This may not be the cleanest or the coolest or the hippest or the healthiest place but it is not the worst, either! What is that you have there? There! In your hand? What is that?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh, it's a map.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Let me see it.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm sure your maps are better.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, I love seeing other cartographers' works!&#8221;</p>

<p>Myrna put on a pair of glasses and made disapproving facial expressions at the map.</p>

<p>&#8220;Well,&#8221; Myrna said as she folded the map and returned it to Benjamin. &#8220;This is certainly drawn by someone who has been out here before. It doesn't have all of the details but it certainly has enough information to get you here, to me. You're lucky to have found this place to begin with. How did you know which way was north?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;A squirrel ran by screaming north! North!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh, that noisy squirrel!&#8221; Myrna said between her teeth. &#8220;He's so loud.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;How is it that you and a squirrel can talk?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;How is it that <i>you</i> can talk?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Someone taught me to speak, I suppose. My parents taught me.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, some people taught <i>us</i> to speak, too.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;That's amazing! Who?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;So long as you don't say where you're from or where you're going again, I'll explain a little bit. Were you in a castle?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, Castle Ehtahl!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Right, OK. So, there are these castles that make dreams. Castles for daydreams and castles for night dreams. But, there are also castles that make nightmares and really, really bad dreams. Castle walls that make dreams keep the nightmares outside and keep the dreams inside. You are in between castles. This is where things or people go when they aren't wanted.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Not wanted?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm going to presume that you did something that's led you to be kicked out of Castle Ehtahl. Otherwise, they would have sent you back to,&#8221; Myrna looked side-to-side and then whispered. &#8220;Pennsylvania. Perhaps, you're currently unwanted as well?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, I didn't do anything but I was accused of doing something.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;OK, same thing. You're out here like the rest of us. All of us have either done something or been accused of doing something and now no one wants us. Or, sometimes, people just don't like us. It's hard being alone but we make do. So, we live out here.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;What did you do, Myrna?&#8221;</p>

<p>Myrna stared Benjamin in the eyes, standing approximately three inches tall.</p>

<p>&#8220;I killed a guy,&#8221; Myrna said sternly. &#8220;No, I'm kidding! I have to have fun out here. I don't get to see that many people. No, no, I ate an apple and apparently it was someone's very special apple and they were all like 'you ate our apple!' and I was like 'it was delicious' and now, here I am. It's not a bad life. I've got all these informational brochures ready to give to people who journey through.&#8221;</p>

<p>Myrna Delacourte let out a long sigh as her chin rested on her hand. She looked longingly into the distance before she stopped when she noticed Benjamin was paying attention to her. Benjamin could see that Myrna did not want to be where she was. She was not as happy handing out informational brochures as she said she was. He knew she wanted to be back in whatever castle that had kicked her out.</p>

<p>&#8220;So the space in between castles, that's the space for things in transition. We're not wanted by anyone. And, we haven't found anyone else who wants us yet.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Maybe you could apologize?&#8221; Benjamin offered.</p>

<p>&#8220;Apologize for eating the apple? Oh, Benjamin, if only it was that easy. I'm fine here. It's not so bad. I do miss my family but that's another thing and let's get you on your way.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Your fam&mdash;&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;So, the easiest way out of here is straight through that forest. After that, you're going to have to get back into a castle so that they can get you out of here. Since you're from,&#8221; Myrna leaned over and whispered, &#8220;Pennsylvania, that means you're going to have to find the person who welcomed you here in the first place.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;That's King Bernard Zwirn.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;OK, so you have to find King Bernard Zwirn and then he'll send you home.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;That's the king who is in Al&mdash;&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;OK! OK! Say no more!&#8221;</p>

<p>Myrna Delacourte stacked several maps and brochures together and handed them to Benjamin.</p>

<p>&#8220;Would you like a coupon book for the shopping outlets on the west side of the forest? Actually, I'm just going to include it and that way you have it. Better have it and not need it, right?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;So, I need to go straight through the forest.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, go straight through the forest and then hang a left. You'll see signs and follow the maps. One more thing about the forest, though. You need to be aware that the trees grow and move so you need to grow and move with them. Don't get caught on your heels.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin waved goodbye to Myrna Delacourte and wondered how long Myrna had been alone by herself. He wondered how many times she dreamed of being with her family again. Benjamin paused, looked to the sky, and turned to leave the forest.</p>

<p>&#8220;Myrna,&#8221; Benjamin said as he walked back the booth. &#8220;You said you don't get many visitors and so I was wondering if you could maybe close down the information booth for a little bit. Would you like to accompany me in my journey?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Not be alone?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You won't be alone!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I'll bring more maps!&#8221;</p>

</div>

</body>

</html>
