<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
   "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" />
<title>Chapter 22 Return</title>
</head>

<body lang="EN-US" style="tab-interval:.5in">

<div>

<h1 id="chapter22" class="page-break-before"><span class="chapter-number">Chapter 22</span><br/><span class="chapter chapter-description"> Return</span></h1>

<p class="introduction">Benjamin waited until the hunting party had left before he moved from behind the boulder. They were all quiet. They did not know whether those people could rescue them or hurt them. But, Benjamin was not going to take a chance. He needed to make sure that they all were safe.</p>

<p>&#8220;Are we ready to move on?&#8221; Barnaby asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;I think so,&#8221; Benjamin said. &#8220;I'd sure like to know what that was all about.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I've never seen anything like that before. They must not work for nightmares,&#8221; Chesterfield said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Who could they work for?&#8221; Myrna asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;The dream castles,&#8221; Selma said from the other side of the rock.</p>

<p>Benjamin paused and turned his head quickly to see where the sound had come from. He saw familiar shoes, familiar clothes, and a familiar grin. She looked like she had fared better than he had imagined.</p>

<p>&#8220;Selma!&#8221; he yelled.</p>

<p>&#8220;Hi, Benjamin,&#8221; Selma said with a light laugh. She twisted her right foot into the ground and looked from side to side quickly. For a moment, Benjamin thought that she was happy to see him.</p>

<p>&#8220;You're alive!&#8221; Benjamin said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Of course, I'm alive,&#8221; Selma laughed. &#8220;Why would I not be alive?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I thought you had been kidnapped. I thought you were with King Bernard Zwirn.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;No, I wasn't kidnapped. I left.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You left? What do you mean you left?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I decided that I was going to find King Bernard Zwirn and bring him back. So, I left the castle and here I am.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;That's crazy. We were really worried about you.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You were?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I didn't know what to think but I thought something awful happened to you.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Were you going to be my hero?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't know about that but I was going to find you. And, here you are.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Here I am. But, what are you doing here?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;That's a long story. But, most recently, I was shot down from the sky.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh, I saw that. Lucky landing, right?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I guess so. Thalia Nachamie kicked me out of the castle. He blamed me for everything that had gone wrong but I know he's responsible. I heard him talking to Russell Fox and I think Russell Fox is actually&#8212;&#8221;</p>

<p>Selma reached forward and put her hand over his mouth. Benjamin looked into her eyes and felt surprised by her sudden touch. He was shocked by how smoothly and gently she stopped him from talking.</p>

<p>&#8220;I know what you're going to say and you're right. We can't talk about that, however.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin heard coughing several feet behind him. He turned to see Myrna standing with her arms at her side suggesting that she was waiting for Benjamin to introduce her to Selma. Chesterfield and Barnaby stood on either side with light grins.</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh, Selma these are my friends.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You made friends out here? How long have you been out here?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Hi, I'm Myrna,&#8221; Myrna said as she ran up to Selma to shake her hand. Selma bent down and shook Myrna's hand. &#8220;I've heard a lot about you! I think that&#8212;&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm Barnaby,&#8221; Barnaby said as he walked past Myrna. &#8220;You seem like a very nice person.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Thanks, Barnaby. It's nice to meet you as well.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;My name is Chesterfield,&#8221; Chesterfield said as he shook her hand.</p>

<p>&#8220;Nice to meet you as well, Chesterfield,&#8221; Selma said with a smile.</p>

<p>&#8220;Barnaby and Chesterfield, I was having a woman to woman talk with Selma,&#8221; Myrna said with her hands on her hips. &#8220;If you two wouldn't mind, I have quite a few questions I've been meaning to ask.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Myrna, I think you should let Benjamin and Selma catch up,&#8221; Barnaby said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Let's go find some berries to eat,&#8221; Chesterfield said to her.</p>

<p>&#8220;Fine, I guess girl time can wait,&#8221; Myrna said. &#8220;Besides, she's probably allergic to the berries as well. We'll have to eat them all.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin watched his three friends walk to a some plants and search for berries. He smiled as he watched Myrna continue to look back at Selma. Barnaby guided her further and further away.</p>

<p>&#8220;So, you were kicked out of the castle,&#8221; Selma said as she walked slowly away, her eyes focused on something in the distance.</p>

<p>&#8220;Thalia Nachamie is an evil person and Russell Fox, well, I guess you know,&#8221; Benjamin said. &#8220;But, you really shouldn't have left without telling anyone. There were a lot of people who were worried about you. Your brother didn't know where you were.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Rodney worries too much,&#8221; Selma said as she paused her stroll.</p>

<p>&#8220;He didn't know any differently. You suddenly disappeared and we thought you were kidnapped. I thought you were going to be with King Bernard Zwirn.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;If I told people what I was going to do, I wouldn't have been allowed to leave. I had to leave. I had to go find King Bernard Zwirn. There's no one else who can stop Thalia Nachamie and save the castle. He's the only one.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Do you know where he is?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I think I know who kidnapped him but I don't exactly know where the castle is. If I did, I'd probably be there by now. It wasn't as easy being outside the castle as I thought it might be.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Tell me about it,&#8221; Benjamin said. &#8220;I've seen some things I didn't expect to see.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;A huge, talking squirrel? A tiny caterpillar?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Talking trees, too.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;It's not paradise out here, Benjamin.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Rodney's going to be so happy that you're safe.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Rodney will be fine. He and I are different. Rodney will sit and hope that things better. I can't do that. I have to stand up and make things better.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I can see that.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;See what?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, you're here. You're in the middle of nowhere trying to make something better. But, why go about it all alone? Why not find other people to help you?&#8221;</p>

<p>Selma sat on a rock and stared back into the distance. A cloud was beginning to cover the sun and the sounds of Myrna, Barnaby, and Chesterfield searching for berries filled the air.</p>

<p>&#8220;There wasn't anyone to ask, Benjamin. No one was going to help me.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Rodney would help you.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Rodney wouldn't help me.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Why not?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Rodney and I are very different. He gets over pain quickly, somehow. I don't know how he does it. He can somehow forget pain and suffering as if it never happened. I can't do that. I never forget pain. I have to do something about it. I have to make sure it never happens again.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Who caused the pain?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;We don't talk about it.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;So at this point, I know who we're talking about. What did he do?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;It started before I was born. My parents were two of the most creative people in Castle Ehtahl. They had dreams beyond what I could imagine. They dreamed of far away places where every day was better than the day before. They dreamed of parties and celebrations where everyone left with a state of happiness that lasted for days. And, they dreamed of worlds where people treated each other well and fairly and honestly.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;That all sounds great.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;It <i>was</i> great. It was their dreams. They had the creative minds to imagine how to make these dreams. But, that was when problems started.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;What was the problem?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Not everyone wanted these dreams. They didn't like my parents for their creativity. They could imagine things that no one else could imagine. And, that made a lot of people jealous and upset. They didn't understand why my parents should say what the dreams should be. They didn't want to see these dreams. They wanted their own dreams and they feared people who had a bigger imagination than they did. My parents' imaginations were unmatched. You're the only person I've heard of who has as close a creative mind.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Me?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Don't act so surprised. You know you have a great imagination. We all know it. They could dream better than you could dream.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;So where are they now?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;They created the dream machine as a way to broadcast dreams to other places. When it was finished, people like you could have better dreams. But as soon as it was done, my parents were kidnapped and taken away by a nightmare. I haven't seen them since. That was a long time ago. No one knows where they are. I had nightmares for years afterwards. Every night I had one. And, it was always the same nightmare. I saw this boy our age at the end of a city block. There was no one else around. As I approached him, he didn't move. He just scratched his head. As I got closer, I noticed that he wasn't looking at me. He was looking at something behind me. Whenever I looked behind me, I couldn't see anything. And then when I turned around again, the boy was gone. Instead, there was a monster.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;A monster! Did it have huge teeth and sharp claws? Was it really tall and strong?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I think most monsters are like that,&#8221; Selma said with a smile. &#8220;But, I think we probably saw the same monster.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You saw it too?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, I saw it every day for years.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Did it try to attack you, too?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;No,&#8221; Selma said slowly. &#8220;It didn't. It just stared at me. And, I just stared back at it. I wasn't going to run away from it. It did scare me the first couple times I saw it. My hands sweat and my heart raced. But, I learned over time to stare at it. It would stare back. It would never harm me. I don't know why it didn't. It just stared at me. Eventually, it would laugh, loudly. And then, I'd wake up.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Why did it laugh?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't know. I don't even know why I didn't run away.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You didn't run away because you're brave.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Maybe. I think I didn't run away because I couldn't. I didn't have anywhere to run to. I wanted to find my parents. I knew that it knew where they were. I wasn't going to run away from the possibility of finding them again.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Are you trying to find them now? Is that why you're outside the castle?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;No, I'm trying to find King Bernard Zwirn. He can find my parents. I can't find them.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I hope you find them.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Thanks. I hope I find them, too. But first, we have to find King Bernard Zwirn.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;We?&#8221; Benjamin asked with surprise. He did not expect Selma to include him in her adventure.</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, we,&#8221; she said. &#8220;I don't think either one of us can do this alone. Can you find King Bernard Zwirn by yourself? I'm impressed you're out here searching for him. You're pretty brave, Benjamin.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin paused for a moment and looked in the direction of Myrna, Barnaby, and Chesterfield. He didn't realize he had as much in common with Selma as he did. And, he was flattered that Selma wanted his help. He needed her help, too. He wanted to be as brave as she was. She stood up to the monster. She didn't run away.</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, I'd love to find King Bernard Zwirn together.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Great,&#8221; Selma said with a smile. &#8220;Where were you thinking about going next?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, I saw a castle while we were in the air. I'd like to go there to see if they know where the nightmare castle is. What do you think?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I think that's a good idea,&#8221; she said as she twisted her feet in the dirt. &#8220;Should we go find your friends?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, let's go find them,&#8221; he said as they walked side by side to Myrna, Barnaby, and Chesterfield.</p>

<p>&#8220;So,&#8221; Selma said quietly. &#8220;What's it like outside here?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You mean in Pennsylvania?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin!&#8221; Myrna scolded Benjamin from the distance.</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, there,&#8221; Selma said with a light chuckle at hearing Myrna yelling at Benjamin.</p>

<p>&#8220;There are a lot of people. Sometimes it feels like there are more people than animals. For the most part, everyone is fine. We all do the same thing. We wake up in the morning. We drive to school or work. We eat lunch. We drive home. We eat dinner. And then we go to bed and do it all again the next day.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;That sounds awful.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, it's really not bad. I'm probably not doing a good job describing it.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't think you are. Life outside here has to be fun, no?&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin couldn't respond quickly enough. Selma noticed that he was hesitant. It wasn't so fun, Benjamin thought.</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm curious, Benjamin, why you get nightmares? I told you why I got my nightmares. Why do you get yours?&#8221; Selma asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin, what's so awful about your life that you've got all these nightmares?&#8221; Myrna asked as Benjamin and Selma had now reached the three others.</p>

<p>&#8220;My life's good!&#8221; Benjamin responded quickly.</p>

<p>&#8220;Good family?&#8221; Barnaby asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;Yep.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You eat well?&#8221; Chesterfield asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;Sure.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;And you exercise?&#8221; Barnaby asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;Yeah.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;And you get enough sleep?&#8221; Chesterfield asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;Yep.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;And you're healthy?&#8221; Barnaby asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;I get sick once in awhile.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;But not all the time?&#8221; Chesterfield asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;No, not all the time.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;And you've got a bunch of friends?&#8221; Myrna asked</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't think we need to ask Benjamin questions if he doesn't want to answer them,&#8221; Selma said calmly.</p>

<p>Benjamin looked at her and smiled widely. He liked that she was standing up for him. He liked that he now felt closer to her.</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, but,&#8221; Myrna said slowly. &#8220;Why don't you have friends, Benjamin?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I do have friends.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Do you have any friends your own age?&#8221; Chesterfield asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;I know people my age.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You have friends at school?&#8221; Barnaby asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't know,&#8221; he said slowly as he looked at Selma. &#8220;I get teased a lot at school.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You get teased?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, I get teased.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;That's awful,&#8221; Myrna said.</p>

<p>&#8220;It's OK. I get teased too,&#8221; Selma said.</p>

<p>&#8220;You do?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, they tease me at school.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Why do you two get teased?&#8221; Barnaby asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;I guess we're different than everyone else in our classes,&#8221; Benjamin said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh, please!&#8221; Myrna, Chesterfield, and Barnaby said at once. They all stopped walking and looked at Benjamin.</p>

<p>&#8220;Do you realize you're talking to a talking squirrel that runs with his eyes closed?&#8221; Barnaby asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;Do you realize you're talking to a talking caterpillar who creates maps of places she's never been to?&#8221; Myrna asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;Do you realize you're talking to a talking chipmunk who tries to get other people to do his work?&#8221; Chesterfield asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin, no one is more different than the three of us,&#8221; Myrna said as she pointed a finger in the direction of Selma and Benjamin.</p>

<p>&#8220;In our eyes, you two are normal,&#8221; Barnaby said.</p>

<p>&#8220;You're so normal you're almost boring,&#8221; Chesterfield added.</p>

<p>&#8220;So, I think you should stop whining about being <i>different</i> because you're not as <i>different</i> as we are. And, we love how different we are,&#8221; Barnaby said. &#8220;I wish I ran with my eyes open.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I wish I made maps for places I've actually been,&#8221; Myrna said.</p>

<p>&#8220;I wish I wasn't lazy and did all my work,&#8221; Chesterfield added.</p>

<p>&#8220;If you think everyone else thinks they've got it great, you just don't have perspective,&#8221; Barnaby said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Perspective!&#8221; Myrna added.</p>

<p>&#8220;So, we're in agreement. There's no reason Benjamin shouldn't have friends and there's no reason that Selma should be teased,&#8221; Chesterfield said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Agreed!&#8221; Myrna and Barnaby said at once.</p>

<p>&#8220;It sounds like you two just need to be more confident,&#8221; Barnaby added.</p>

<p>&#8220;You've got a gift, Benjamin. You can dream! Not everyone can dream, you know,&#8221; Chesterfield said.</p>

<p>&#8220;And, Selma. You were out here all my yourself. You're incredibly brave,&#8221; Myrna said.</p>

<p>&#8220;You've got to be thankful for what you have and not worry about what you don't have,&#8221; Barnaby said.</p>

<p>Benjamin thought for a moment and knew that they were right. He had been dwelling on what he thought were his shortcomings that he never allowed time to think about his gifts. He was capable of making friends. He just needed to find the right friends. And with Selma at his side, he finally felt like he was heading in the right direction.</p>

<p>&#8220;I think your friends are right,&#8221; Selma said.</p>

</div>

</body>

</html>
