<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
   "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" />
<title>Chapter 25 Nightmare Castle</title>
</head>

<body lang="EN-US" style="tab-interval:.5in">

<div>

<h1 id="chapter25" class="page-break-before"><span class="chapter-number">Chapter 25</span><br/><span class="chapter chapter-description"> Nightmare Castle</span></h1>

<p class="introduction">Benjamin walked further than he had ever walked in a day. He was determined to get to Aloysius Trenhaile's castle and he was walking so fast that his friends could barely keep pace with him. He had his eyes set on an object in the distance ever since Queen Lizette Gohara pointed him in the direction. Far away, a volcano spewed lava thousands of feet into the air. Dark clouds billowed around it. The ground growled louder as he got closer. And on the side of the volcano, there was a castle so dark and treacherous that no living being could get there alive.</p>

<p>&#8220;That's it?&#8221; Chesterfield said with concern. &#8220;That's so much more frightening than I thought it would be.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;That's it,&#8221; Benjamin said with a determined stride.</p>

<p>&#8220;I wish it was more welcoming,&#8221; Myrna said. &#8220;It would be so much nicer if there were flowers and gardens and birds and trees. I doubt there are any bunnies or deer in that castle. I doubt it smells good either. I'm not sure why anything would want to live there.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;It sounds like the perfect environment for nightmares,&#8221; Selma said as a large ball of lava fell behind them.</p>

<p>&#8220;Maybe it'll just fall into the volcano,&#8221; Barnaby said as he huddled by Benjamin. &#8220;It looks worse than I ever imagined. I'm getting shakier the closer we get to it. Maybe we can turn around soon?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Maybe,&#8221; Benjamin said. &#8220;But, only after we save King Bernard Zwirn.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't know if I can do this,&#8221; Chesterfield said. &#8220;I really want to help you Benjamin but I'm having serious doubts here. I'm not brave enough for this.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;It's OK, Chesterfield. I never asked you to do something you weren't comfortable doing. You don't have to come in the castle if you don't want to.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Chesterfield, no!&#8221; Myrna said. &#8220;You have to help. We're doing this together.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;He doesn't have to, Myrna, if he's uncomfortable. He's already done a lot to help me. He's been teaching me how to dream,&#8221; Benjamin said.</p>

<p>&#8220;But Chesterfield, you have to stand up to the nightmares. You have to stand up to what scares you. You can't stop because you're uncomfortable. You've got to keep going.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;That's so easy to say, Myrna. But in reality, there's a huge volcano with a dark, dreadful castle on the side of it,&#8221; Chesterfield pleaded.</p>

<p>&#8220;Myrna's right, Chesterfield. Would you rather sit back and continue to be forever in fear of nightmares? Or, would you rather stand up to them and let them know that <i>you</i> are to be feared?&#8221; Selma said.</p>

<p>Benjamin thought about Selma's words and realized that he needed to be the thing that the nightmare's feared. He needed to be the nightmare's nightmare if he was going to destroy them. If he was any less frightening, he would not be able to stop evil from continuing to frighten people.</p>

<p>&#8220;OK. I'll go,&#8221; Chesterfield said slowly. &#8220;But, I'm only doing it so that Benjamin can save the king.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Thanks, Chesterfield,&#8221; Benjamin said.</p>

<p>They continued marching forward and the volcano began to tower into the sky like a  skyscraper standing alone on barren ground. They climbed a short incline until the incline turned into a steep hill. Lava started to fall from the sky all around them. Rocks tumbled down the hill and the ground trembled as the volcano furiously heated everything around it. The castle was only a short distance away and Benjamin got his first glance of its awful exterior. Its walls were nearly ten times as high as the walls of any of the castles he had seen. Lava dripped down their sides and what was not covered in lava was a deep black color. The only building that stretched higher than the walls was a tall dark tower with a flame at the very top. Everything was dark and dirty and covered with dust and debris. There was no clean part of the castle. And, Benjamin realized, there also was no door.</p>

<p>&#8220;OK, so do you have any recommendations for how we can get inside?&#8221; Benjamin asked as the volcano erupted suddenly.</p>

<p>&#8220;There's no door,&#8221; Myrna said. &#8220;I guess they don't want people going in.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Or, they don't want what's inside to come out,&#8221; Selma said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Either way, we have to go inside so we'll have to go over or under that wall,&#8221; Benjamin said.</p>

<p>They walked further up the volcano, dodging lava and ash as it fell from the sky around them. It started to get louder and noisier the closer they got to the walls, a sound that was similar to a raging cauldron of water. And as Benjamin stood behind a large boulder, he heard sounds of screaming and yelling from inside. He shivered at the sound.</p>

<p>&#8220;Get back!&#8221; Myrna yelled. &#8220;Get back!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;What?&#8221; Benjamin yelled as he ducked to the ground.</p>

<p>At that moment, three screeching dragons the size of school buses flew overhead. Benjamin could see fire in their eyes. Their talons looked like they could break anything with ease. They flew around in a formation like they were searching for something inside the castle. The screams grew louder as the dragons hissed and snarled at something that Benjamin could not see.</p>

<p>&#8220;We have to climb the wall,&#8221; Benjamin said. &#8220;There's no way we can dig underneath it.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;After the dragons leave, please,&#8221; Chesterfield said.</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't know how we're going to get over it,&#8221; Barnaby said. &#8220;That's steeper than anything I've ever climbed.&#8221; </p>

<p>&#8220;We're going to have to try,&#8221; Benjamin said.</p>

<p>Benjamin saw that Chesterfield was beside himself. He was looking from side to side very quickly and Benjamin realized that the chipmunk was quite nervous. Without thinking, Benjamin put his hand on his back to try to comfort him.</p>

<p>&#8220;I'll help you,&#8221; Chesterfield said. &#8220;I can't carry anything but I can climb walls very well. I'm so low to the ground that no one will see me. I can go to the top of the wall.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;But once you're up there, how will you get us to the other side?&#8221; Selma asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't know,&#8221; Chesterfield said. &#8220;I haven't thought that far. But, I'll have a look around and maybe there's a hole in the wall or something. I don't know. I'm nervous. I'll just do this to help. Someone needs to look around.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Thanks, Chesterfield. I appreciate it,&#8221; Benjamin said with a warmness for his friend.</p>

<p>As more dragons soared around the castle, everyone waited a few minutes until the beasts were out of sight. And then, Chesterfield dashed for the wall. He climbed quickly as rocks slipped underneath him and fell by his side. Lava dripped down the wall as ash poured from the volcano. Benjamin felt his heart stop as he watched Chesterfield with nervous anticipation. He was only halfway up the wall when one of the dragons flew within sight. They couldn't warn Chesterfield at this point. He was on his own. The chipmunk kept climbing and climbing as fast as he could.</p>

<p>&#8220;We have to distract the dragons,&#8221; Benjamin said.</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't know what you're proposing, but I don't want to volunteer for that,&#8221; Barnaby said.</p>

<p>&#8220;No, I don't want us to distract them,&#8221; Benjamin said. &#8220;We have to knock something over.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Like what?&#8221; Barnaby said casually as he put his hand on the boulder that they were standing behind.</p>

<p>Barnaby fell forward. He had accidentally pushed the boulder forward. And then, it started to roll. Benjamin, Myrna, Selma, and Barnaby hid behind another smaller boulder as they watched the huge rock tumbled down the hill. It was large enough that the dragons noticed it. They flew in its direction and hovered around it. Chesterfield had a break from the dragons to reach the top of the wall. And after he reached the top, he disappeared into the castle. Benjamin's breathing became heavy with nervousness for Chesterfield's fate. Selma noticed that Benjamin was nervous so she stood at his side. He couldn't believe she was so calm.</p>

<p>It was the longest minute Benjamin had experienced. They were helpless waiting on the other side of the wall. The dragons grew tired of the boulder and flew back into the castle. As time wore on, Benjamin feared that something awful had happened to Chesterfield. He worried that he would never be able to scale the wall.</p>

<p>But then, a long, thick rope was thrown over the side. Benjamin saw Chesterfield at the top waving his hands. And without thinking, Benjamin grabbed Myrna and Barnaby and ran for the rope. Selma ran in front of them. Hand over hand, Benjamin climbed with a strength he never knew he had. He was not worried about the dragons and he was not worried about falling. He was concentrating on getting inside the castle because once inside, he could figure things out.</p>

<p>He reached the top and hugged Chesterfield. He was so grateful for the chipmunk's courage. Selma pulled the rope up. Benjamin couldn't celebrate for long. As he turned around to look inside the castle, he saw the worst sight he had ever seen. On the other side of the wall was a large army of nightmarish beasts. Aloysius Trenhaile was preparing for war. He was going to destroy all the dreams.</p>

<p>They used the rope to climb down the other side and hid behind more rocks that had fallen from a dilapidated building. There was no safe place in the castle, Benjamin knew. They needed to be careful that they weren't seen.</p>

<p>Aloysius Trenhaile's castle was littered with broken houses. They lined a long lava river that flowed from the top of the volcano through the castle. There were rusty military vehicles that looked like porcupines, spikes coming out of every side. There were weapons that seemed large enough to destroy any castle Benjamin had seen. And throughout, there were trolls who grunted and growled at each other. There were skeletons that jostled back and forth. There were ghosts scattered throughout and awful spiders that Benjamin had never seen before. They looked like the horrifying creatures that could only exist in nightmares. It was worse than Benjamin imagined.</p>

<p>&#8220;Now what?&#8221; Myrna asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;We stay alive,&#8221; Benjamin said calmly. &#8220;We have to find King Bernard Zwirn. We have to find where they keep their prisoners.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;That has to be easy,&#8221; Selma said. &#8220;All of the buildings here are broken to pieces except for that tower in the middle. He has to be up there.&#8221;</p>

<p>In the center of the castle was a tower that even lava could not destroy. It had a staircase that wrapped around its exterior dozens of times. Its black exterior made it almost invisible against the night sky. If it wasn't for the large fire at the top, it would be invisible among the falling ash.</p>

<p>&#8220;We have to go there, somehow,&#8221; Benjamin said.</p>

<p>He scanned the castle for an easy path to the tower but it was difficult to see given the darkness. The stairs were the most obvious choice, he thought. But, he would probably be seen by all of the beasts gathered below. If there was a way he could disguise himself, this might work. But, he didn't know how.</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm not sure how we'll get there,&#8221; Benjamin said.</p>

<p>&#8220;I guess we couldn't just take the stairs,&#8221; Myrna said.</p>

<p>&#8220;No, not the stairs,&#8221; Selma said. &#8220;They'll see us.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I think it's my turn to help us,&#8221; Barnaby said.</p>

<p>Benjamin was surprised that Barnaby wanted to help. He didn't expect that Barnaby would be so eager to assist. But, he was certainly happy that everyone was eager to find the king.</p>

<p>&#8220;What exactly are you proposing?&#8221; Chesterfield said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Everyone get in that cart over there,&#8221; Barnaby said.</p>

<p>Benjamin turned around and saw an old rickety cart ten feet away. It looked like it had fallen from the top of the tower to the ground below. It had four wheels but one of them was at an unusual angle. And, Benjamin thought, there was no motor. That was a cart that needed to be pulled.</p>

<p>&#8220;And then what?&#8221; Benjamin asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;I'll pull you up the tower,&#8221; Barnaby said with seriousness.</p>

<p>&#8220;You are going to pull that cart?&#8221; Selma asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;Up stairs?&#8221; Benjamin asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;By yourself?&#8221; Myrna asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes. Yes. And, yes,&#8221; Barnaby answered. &#8220;I'm quite strong and when I get running, I can get going at a very fast pace. And, I have a gift that no one else here has.&#8221; </p>

<p>&#8220;What is that?&#8221; Benjamin inquired.</p>

<p>&#8220;I won't be scared because I keep my eyes closed when I run. I won't be frightened because I won't see anything that'll scare me.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, that makes one of us. I'm certainly scared. I'd prefer if you kept your eyes open,&#8221; Myrna said.</p>

<p>Benjamin thought for a moment and realized that this might work. If there was a squirrel pulling a cart through the nightmares, they might never notice. He was so fast it would be as if the cart was flying across the ground.</p>

<p>&#8220;This is perfect!&#8221; Benjamin yelled with excitement.</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't share your enthusiasm,&#8221; Myrna said.</p>

<p>&#8220;No, this will be great. Barnaby doesn't need to see where he's going. He keeps his eyes closed. So, we'll cover him with the tarp in the cart. It'll be like a ghost is pulling the cart. No one will notice!&#8221;</p>

<p>Myrna was not convinced. Chesterfield wasn't either. But, Selma was. She nodded in Benjamin's direction and that was all the confidence Benjamin needed. He grabbed Myrna and Chesterfield and jumped into the cart. Barnaby stood at the front with a large, ugly cloth on top of him and prepared to run.</p>

<p>The cart jolted forward and Benjamin and Selma hid as best as they could. Barnaby was running as fast as he could. He dodged between demons and flew by snakes. He sprinted by angry goblins and frightening rodents. Benjamin looked ahead to see that they were only a short distance away from the staircase. Nothing had noticed them. The dragons swarming above didn't seem to pay any attention.</p>

<p>But when Barnaby hit the stairs, he did not slow his speed. Benjamin and Selma were jostled back and forth with every step along the way. Benjamin did not like being thrown about in such a violent way. Barnaby pulled the cart up another step and Benjamin hit his head against the iron wall of the cart. And then another step and Benjamin hit his back against pieces of coal. Myrna and Chesterfield were being tossed around like socks in a dryer. But, Barnaby continued blindfolded. With each step, the cart bumped and bounced and flew into the air. They had only been moving for a couple minutes when Benjamin peered outside the cart to see that they were hundreds of feet above the ground. The sight baffled him. Although the tower looked high from the ground, it felt much taller. He could see the full violence and size of the volcano. He could see the frightening scale of the nightmares. He could see awful, scary things everywhere. And, he could see the top of the tower only a few feet away. The fire that he saw from the ground raged on the top floor.</p>

<p>When they reached the top, Barnaby fell on his side. His body inhaled and exhaled deeply. He was so exhausted that he could not hide himself from the danger that awaited them on the top floor. Benjamin did not forget that they were in Aloysius Trenhaile's castle. And, they had reached Aloysius Trenhaile's lair. Benjamin grabbed his friend and hid behind a wall.</p>

<p>&#8220;That was amazing!&#8221; Benjamin said to Barnaby.</p>

<p>&#8220;Did I do it?&#8221; Barnaby asked with one eye open.</p>

<p>&#8220;You did really great! Now come with me. We have to find King Bernard Zwirn,&#8221; Benjamin said.</p>

<p>The wind blew violently at this height. The volcano continued to spit lava into the air and ash poured down everywhere. It was difficult to see and to walk straight. They stayed along the side of the wall until they reached a room as large as a dream studio. The wind slowed and the lava stopped. The ash calmed and the air became clear. Inside this room at the top of the tower, Benjamin saw someone he had hoped to see.</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin?&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn asked.</p>

<p>The king was seated in an iron cage stuck in the air. Although it hadn't been a long time since Benjamin had last seen him, he looked remarkably older and weaker. Benjamin knew the king was in trouble. There was no one else in the room. There was no Aloysius Trenhaile. It was only King Bernard Zwirn and a loud, noisy machine.</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin! What are you doing here?&#8221; he asked again.</p>

<p>&#8220;We came to save you,&#8221; Benjamin said.</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm sorry this all happened, Benjamin. I didn't expect things to go this direction. But, you can't stay here. I don't know how you got in here but you're in a lot of trouble. You and your friends need to leave immediately. I don't think you know what you're doing. This is all my fault. Please, Benjamin. Please, leave. Save yourself! If my brother finds you, you're going to be in a lot of trouble and I won't be able to save you. Please, Benjamin. Please leave!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Your brother?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, my brother,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn sighed.</p>

<p>&#8220;Your brother is Aloysius Trenhaile?&#8221;</p>

<p>The fire roared and lightning struck the tower. The demons, ghosts, and horrid creatures all screamed in unison at the base of the castle.</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin, you cannot say that name!&#8221; Myrna yelled</p>

<p>&#8220;Where is he?&#8221; Benjamin asked quickly.</p>

<p>&#8220;He's coming back. He's making nightmares. Benjamin, you should leave now!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm not going anywhere,&#8221; Benjamin said. &#8220;I was kicked out of Castle Ehtahl. I am going to bring you back with me.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I thought Thalia Nachamie might have taken control. It isn't a good time for dreaming, Benjamin. Dreams may soon come to an end. So, you must leave. If my brother finds you, he's going to hurt you.&#8221;</p>

<p>There was another roar in the distance. The creatures at the base of the castle were becoming agitated. Benjamin looked outside the room and saw that they were stirring. Some were walking in circles but others were starting to climb the staircase. They were preparing to attack.</p>

<p>&#8220;King Zwirn, how can we destroy the nightmares?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;We've never been able to figure it out, Benjamin. If we can stop this machine here, we'll be able to temporarily stop their production. But so long as there are dreams, there are bound to be nightmares. There's no way to stop them. They just exist. We've had to live with them.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;But if I stop your brother?&#8221;</p>

<p>The beasts and demons at the bottom of the castle screamed again. They ran around and around. And then, they all started to run up the staircase.</p>

<p>&#8220;You're in trouble,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said slowly.</p>

<p>&#8220;He's coming,&#8221; Selma whispered to Benjamin.</p>

</div>

</body>

</html>
