<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
   "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" />
<title>Chapter 12 Evil</title>
</head>

<body lang="EN-US" style="tab-interval:.5in">

<div>

<h1 id="chapter12" class="page-break-before"><span class="chapter-number">Chapter 12</span><br/><span class="chapter chapter-description"> Evil</span></h1>

<p class="introduction">Over the next week, everyone in class treated Benjamin differently. He noticed that Ryan Eden and Steven Wazen watched him as if they were hawks staring at a little mouse. Selma Applebaum refused to make eye contact with Benjamin. But, it was impossible to ignore a student who was able to fly a machine when it was not powered on.</p>

<p>&#8220;That hasn't been done before,&#8221; said one student. &#8220;How did you do it?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't know,&#8221; Benjamin said. &#8220;I just kept sitting.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Can you do that with other machines?&#8221; another student asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't know,&#8221; Benjamin responded again. &#8220;I don't know what other machines exist.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Are you related to King Bernard Zwirn?&#8221; another student asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;No, I don't think so,&#8221; Benjamin answered.</p>

<p>&#8220;That would be amazing if you were,&#8221; another student stated. &#8220;Imagine we have in our class a student who is a relative of the man who made all of the dream machines.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;King Bernard Zwirn made all of these machines?&#8221; Benjamin asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;His dad did,&#8221; Selma said as she continued to look forward at the chalkboard while all of the other students continued to look at Benjamin. &#8220;But, he's gone. Only his sons are alive.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Who are his sons?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;We don't talk about it,&#8221; everyone said in exhausted unison.</p>

<p>&#8220;What's life like in Pennsylvania?&#8221; another student asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;It's fun,&#8221; Benjamin said. &#8220;It's not too different than living here I suppose.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Are there people everywhere?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;And lots of food?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;And people can do whatever they want.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;For the most part.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;And everyone has dreams?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, not recently. There haven't been dreams lately at all. My dad hasn't had a dream in months,&#8221; Benjamin said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Students,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer said as she entered the classroom wearing a raincoat. &#8220;We have to go to the general assembly area for an announcement. So I need you to line up in a single file and head outside. Raincoats on!&#8221;</p>

<p>Student after student put on their coats and filed from the classroom outside into the unforgiving rain. There were people exiting every building, all headed in the same direction toward the gigantic dream machine. Benjamin wondered what all of these people did each day. He did not know what every person in Pennsylvania did and he imagined students felt the same way about Castle Ehtahl. There were tens of thousands of people of various ages and sizes and colors gathered in one big plaza. The dream machine hovered over them like a tree that had spiraled upward without casting a single branch.</p>

<p>Benjamin followed Steven Wazen and noticed that Miss Lindenmeyer, who led the group of students, frequently turned around to make sure that she could see him. When they reached a spot in the plaza with enough space for the class, Miss Lindenmeyer positioned everyone in rows and then stood next to Benjamin.</p>

<p>&#8220;You are not to leave my side,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer said.</p>

<p>&#8220;What is happening?&#8221; Benjamin asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm not exactly sure,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer responded. &#8220;But, it's probably related to King Bernard Zwirn's disappearance.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Does this happen often?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;No,&#8221; Selma replied. &#8220;King Bernard Zwirn liked talking to small groups of people rather than everyone at once.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;So, who is going to speak now?&#8221; Benjamin asked.</p>

<p>Selma shrugged her shoulders as if she did not care. At the front of the plaza before the tens of thousands of people, there was a newly constructed green and blue stone building that towered as high as the dream machine. The building reminded Benjamin of cathedrals he had seen pictures of before. But, this building was much wider and much more detailed than any cathedral he had ever seen. At the very top, there was a balcony with a red flag hanging over the entrance.</p>

<p>As rain poured down, projection screens were hastily opened throughout the plaza. Cameras turned on and focused themselves on the balcony. Lights flickered and flashed from all directions as soundchecks began to test the limits of the speaker system. A hush came over the crowd as Castle Ehtahl's anthem began to play. It was a song that reminded Benjamin of jazz songs his dad would play on the radio while working on the family car. The rhythm was quick and the song was inspiring, even though Benjamin knew none of the words.</p>

<p>When the song ended, the lights dimmed and a roar spread across the crowd from the back to the front. Even Benjamin got caught up in the excitement of what was to come. He noticed, however, that Miss Lindenmeyer was not energized at all. Her eyes were glancing from left to right in a fast enough manner that suggested that she was looking for someone. Benjamin realized she was nervous and that made him nervous. He trusted Miss Lindenmeyer more than he trusted the crowd. And without King Bernard Zwirn, Benjamin looked to Miss Lindenmeyer for help.</p>

<p>On the balcony, two guards who looked to be about the same size as Noel Jaffin removed the red flag. The crowd erupted in anticipation like Benjamin had seen at music concerts on television. Benjamin expected, for reasons he could not explain, to see something magical happen. Maybe, he thought, King Bernard Zwirn would return.</p>

<p>A man did enter but it was not King Bernard Zwirn. It was Thalia Nachamie. And behind him, Russell Fox stood at attention.</p>

<p>The crowd erupted in excitement and cheers and Benjamin was more confused. He did not see any reason to cheer for either of these people. Russell Fox and Thalia Nachamie were evil.</p>

<p>&#8220;My fellow Ehtahlians,&#8221; Russell Fox projected into a microphone. &#8220;I present to you the interim king, Thalia Nachamie.&#8221;</p>

<p>The crowd screamed and cheered. Miss Lindenmeyer did not flinch and Benjamin noticed that Selma Applebaum did not flinch as well. The other students in the class cheered as loud or louder than the people around them. And at that moment, Benjamin began to realize that everyone may have been cheering only because everyone was cheering and not because of the men who stood on the balcony.</p>

<p>Thalia Nachamie glanced from side to side with his long face and his crooked nose. His dark black hair blended into his black clothes he wore and the black hat on his head. He looked like a large crow that wore pieces of leather rather than feathers.</p>

<p>&#8220;Ladies and gentleman,&#8221; Thalia Nachamie's voice boomed across the plaza as the rain continued to pour down. &#8220;A great tragedy has come to our castle. Our very own Bernard Zwirn has been kidnapped. We do not know where he was taken and we do not know who has taken him. But, we will find him. And until we do, we will continue to do what we do best.&#8221;</p>

<p>Cheers erupted throughout the crowd and Benjamin's face turned pale as he heard confirmation of all the rumors of the past week. King Bernard Zwirn was kidnapped. It was, he thought, one of the worst possible answers to where the king may have been.</p>

<p>&#8220;We set a search party to look for Bernard Zwirn. We don't have many clues so if anyone knows what has happened, please contact me directly and I'll make sure to tell you whether your clue is valid or not. As you all know, if Bernard Zwirn is not found in another week, we will have to move on without him. We cannot wait around endlessly for his return. We don't have time. Our dream machine is running low.&#8221;</p>

<p>Thunder cracked in the distance and the rain became fiercer. Miss Lindenmeyer placed a hand over Benjamin as her eyes continued to move back and forth. But then, her eyes stopped. Benjamin saw that she was looking to the left but he could not see what she had found.</p>

<p>&#8220;If anyone has any questions at this time, please ask them now,&#8221; Thalia Nachamie projected to the audience.</p>

<p>&#8220;Is there a chance anyone else could be kidnapped?&#8221; Russell Fox asked into a microphone behind Thalia Nachamie.</p>

<p>&#8220;That's a great question,&#8221; Thalia Nachamie continued. &#8220;And there is a severe chance that every one of you could be kidnapped. So, it is important that you continue to do your jobs well and that you do not wander outside of this castle. If we cannot fix the dream machine, we will have to use another proposed solution. This proposed solution, as I told you last year, will make sure that you can make dreams and not be kidnapped.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Will the dream machine be fixed?&#8221; Russell Fox asked into the microphone again. Benjamin could see that Russell Fox was reading from a tiny sheet of paper.</p>

<p>&#8220;That is again a great question,&#8221; Thalia Nachamie began. &#8220;We are missing a piece to the dream machine and we do not know what this piece is or where this piece is. It's possible that the dream machine has suffered damage beyond repair. But, we do not have any way of knowing whether we can fix it without having this piece returned to us. If you know the evil, villainous person who has stolen it, you must tell us immediately. We will not stand for evil in our castle.&#8221; </p>

<p>&#8220;What will we do if we run out of resources to make dreams?&#8221; Russell Fox asked again, in the same tone and awkward reading style as the previous two questions.</p>

<p>&#8220;Another great question,&#8221; Thalia Nachamie started. &#8220;We will not run out of resources to make dreams. If the dream machine fails, I will make sure we have the resources to make more dreams. You can count on that. I think that's it for questions. Have a great day everyone.&#8221;</p>

<p>Thunder crashed and Benjamin was surprised that Thalia Nachamie ended his question and answer session because there were over a hundred hands raised throughout the plaza. Selma had her hand raised too and took it back down with disgust. Miss Lindenmeyer was still looking to her left and Benjamin noticed that she was trying to talk to someone by mouthing words and reading lips. He still could not see who she was speaking with.</p>

<p>As the crowd started to depart in various directions, Miss Lindenmeyer ushered the students back to the school where she was met by another teacher Benjamin had not seen before. Benjamin started to walk into the school but then Miss Lindenmeyer grabbed his hand. He saw that Selma was watching everything that was about to transpire.</p>

<p>&#8220;Quickly, Benjamin,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer said. &#8220;Come with me.&#8221;</p>

<p>Miss Lindenmeyer and Benjamin ran back into the crowd, which made Benjamin quite nervous. He did not know who to believe and who to trust other than Miss Lindenmeyer. Any of these faces looking upon him could belong to the person who kidnapped King Bernard Zwirn. They zigged and zagged between one dark clothed body and another, getting wet from the rain along the way.</p>

<p>Benjamin stopped. In the distance, he saw him.</p>

<p>It was Snark. It was Rodney Cohen.</p>

<p>&#8220;Miss Lindenmeyer!&#8221; Benjamin yelled. &#8220;That's the dinosaur that led me here!&#8221;</p>

<p>Miss Lindenmeyer looked in the direction that Benjamin pointed. Rodney looked confused and concerned.</p>

<p>&#8220;Rodney,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer said with a long sigh. &#8220;We have to run, Benjamin. I'm going to introduce you to Rodney Cohen now.&#8221;</p>

<p>She grabbed his hand as a person would who was pulling an unwilling partner. Benjamin looked back over his right shoulder and watched Rodney walk toward them. His heart beat faster as he realized he would finally meet his favorite dinosaur. He didn't know what to say. He had waited for this moment his entire life. And, it was finally here.</p>

<p>&#8220;Hey, there, um, Benjamin. Sorry, I, uh, kind of, you know, got you here, when, um, you know, the King's missing and all,&#8221; Rodney Cohen said exceptionally awkwardly. He kept rummaging through his hair like he knew he did something wrong. It was not, Benjamin thought, the welcome he had dreamed of.</p>

<p>First of all, Rodney Cohen was a person and he wasn't wearing the Snark costume. And Benjamin realized that he didn't like Rodney Cohen as much as he liked Snark. Snark was confident and powerful and inspiring and adventurous. Rodney Cohen was awkward and goofy. Benjamin was speechless.</p>

<p>&#8220;I know seeing me, you know, um, without the, uh, costume, er, the, uh, you know, I mean, what I'm trying to say is, that, well, I'd rather, you know, greet you as Snark, not, uh, well, not, um, not me,&#8221; Rodney Cohen said as he shifted his weight back and forth.</p>

<p>Benjamin stared at Rodney Cohen and let out a long sigh.</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, I kind of wish you were Snark right now,&#8221; Benjamin said.</p>

<p>Benjamin looked at Rodney Cohen as if he was a stranger. And, Miss Lindenmeyer appeared to recognize this because she interrupted the quite awkward conversation.</p>

<p>&#8220;Rodney, there's something you need to know about Benjamin,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer said while making sure no one around her listened.</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh, really? What is it?&#8221; Rodney said curiously.</p>

<p>&#8220;We can't talk here,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer said as she glanced from side to side at the thousands of people walking among them. &#8220;Let's go to the school.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin wondered what was so special about him. He also wondered how someone so lanky and awkward like Rodney Cohen could be so confident and powerful as Snark. How was it that one person could be two different things? It seemed impossible to Benjamin. No one could be both.</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin can fly on a flying machine without power,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer whispered to Rodney Cohen as they walked forward.</p>

<p>Rodney quickly glanced at Benjamin and his confused face turned into excitement. He gave Benjamin a huge thumbs up and tried to give him a high-five before Miss Lindenmeyer pushed down his hand.</p>

<p>&#8220;Not now, Rodney! I was teaching the class to fly on the flying machines,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer continued. &#8220;Benjamin went up as well and I controlled his flying machine from a remote control. When I turned it off and had Benjamin come back to the ground, he continued to fly around.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Maybe the remote control was busted,&#8221; Rodney said.</p>

<p>&#8220;It wasn't. I tested it again that evening.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Maybe there were strong winds. I know I get in lots of trouble in strong winds. I can get stuck up there for hours even.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;We were indoors.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Maybe he had a remote control of his own.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Rodney, please. He didn't have a remote control of his own. I'm only telling you this, not because I want to, but because you brought Benjamin here and you're going to have to help me protect him. If Thalia Nachamie learns of this, Benjamin is going to be in incredible danger. Thalia Nachamie will either capture him or kill him.&#8221;</p>

<p>Rodney examined Benjamin as they continued to walk. Benjamin was confused why this guy was going to help protect him. He looked like he was much older than Benjamin and not many more years older in maturity. But, Benjamin couldn't forget that Snark saved him during the nightmare he had. Maybe, Benjamin thought, Rodney could help him after all. </p>

<p>&#8220;Sweet!&#8221; Rodney Cohen yelled. &#8220;I'll hide the little man.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Good,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer said. &#8220;Do you know where King Bernard Zwirn is? By chance, did you have anything to do with it?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;No!&#8221; Rodney said as he waved his hands back and forth. &#8220;I love King Bernard Zwirn. I wouldn't do such a thing. I want him back. Unfortunately, it seems Aloysius Trenhaile doesn't like him.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Aloysius?&#8221; Benjamin asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh sorry little dude, we don't talk about it&#8221; Rodney replied. &#8220;But, um, yeah Aloysius kidnapped him.&#8221;</p>

</div>

</body>

</html>
