<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
   "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" />
<title>Chapter 18 Forest</title>
</head>

<body lang="EN-US" style="tab-interval:.5in">

<div>

<h1 id="chapter18" class="page-break-before"><span class="chapter-number">Chapter 18</span><br/><span class="chapter chapter-description"> Forest</span></h1>

<p class="introduction">Benjamin had been walking with Myrna on his shoulder for the better part of the afternoon before he realized that he could not yet see an exit to the forest. It seemed to him like they might be walking in circles. Or worse, it seemed like the forest actually went on forever. Myrna's nose was pointed deep into the map she held before her.</p>

<p>&#8220;I think we're lost,&#8221; she said.</p>

<p>&#8220;How can we be lost? I thought you sold maps for this place,&#8221; Benjamin replied softly as he looked from side to side.</p>

<p>&#8220;I do sell maps for this place. That is true.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;So shouldn't you know where we are?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, it's not like I've ever used the maps. I merely sell them to people who use them. I haven't used them myself.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You don't know if the maps are right?&#8221;</p>

<p>Myrna stopped as Benjamin continued. She looked as far into the sky as she could.</p>

<p>&#8220;They might not be correct! There could be people lost everywhere!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm sure they aren't currently lost.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;My maps are incorrect! They're misguiding people!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;How many people have you given maps to?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, actually, you're the first person to stop by the information desk.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;So, I guess I'm in good hands.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin was surrounded by trees hundreds of times taller than he, with large branches that blocked a clear view of the sky. Brown leaves rustled on the ground as green leaves combed the air above. The trees were extraordinary. Benjamin stood small and insignificant compared to their size. They climbed thousands of feet into the air like wooden skyscrapers. He needed to find the exit before the sun set, he thought, because he was not sure what was in the forest at night. And now with his companion, Myrna, Benjamin felt a bit of responsibility for making sure he kept her safe. Being just a caterpillar, Benjamin thought, she couldn't defend herself.</p>

<p>The forest was the first of many things on the map that Myrna was reading. After the forest, there was a waterfall. Then, there was a river. Then, there was a prairie. Then, there was a mountain range. Then, a volcano. And finally, there was another castle that had information on how to get to Aloysius Trenhaile's castle.</p>

<p>&#8220;So why did King Bernard Zwirn end up in a nightmare's castle?&#8221; Myrna asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;He was kidnapped,&#8221; Benjamin said. &#8220;One of my classmates was kidnapped, too.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Who?&#8221; </p>

<p>&#8220;Selma,&#8221; Benjamin said slowly.</p>

<p>&#8220;I see,&#8221; Myrna said slowly and with a short giggle. &#8220;Do you <i>like</i> Selma?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;She's not really that friendly to me.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;But, you're going to go rescue her?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, of course I'm going to rescue her.&#8221;</p>

<p>Myrna stopped for a moment and looked deep into Benjamin's eyes.</p>

<p>&#8220;You don't have to lie to me, Benjamin. You could have just told me that we're going to go save your girlfriend!&#8221; Myrna said with excitement.</p>

<p>Benjamin stopped walking and looked at Myrna with his hands at his side.</p>

<p>&#8220;Let's be clear. She's not my girlfriend. She doesn't like me at all. She thinks I'm the reason King Bernard Zwirn was kidnapped.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I see,&#8221; Myrna said as she thought deeply for a moment. &#8220;Do you like her?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Myrna, I've already answered that.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm exhausted,&#8221; Myrna said as she wiped the sweat from her brow. &#8220;All this walking in search of your girlfriend is making me exhausted.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Do you want to rest?&#8221; Benjamin asked as he shook his head. &#8220;We have been walking for quite a bit.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Would love to!&#8221; Myrna said as she plopped herself down on a leaf. &#8220;I'm also a tad hungry. Are you hungry?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm a little hungry.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm a lot hungry.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;What do caterpillars eat?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Grass, mostly. Sometimes mint. And if we're very lucky, we get a tomato leaf. Oh my, you haven't lived until you've eaten a tomato leaf wrapped in mint with a blade of grass tying it together,&#8221; Myrna said as she licked her lips.</p>

<p>&#8220;So you want some grass?&#8221; Benjamin offered, as he walked to a patch of green leaves.</p>

<p>&#8220;No, I'm not hungry for grass. Oh! How about some berries!&#8221; Myrna said as she pointed to a cluster of red fruit near a tree on the other side of Benjamin.</p>

<p>Benjamin waited for Myrna to go retrieve the berries but Myrna was acting as lazy as a caterpillar could be. She pretended to move half a step forward and then fell back to resting on her side.</p>

<p>&#8220;It's so far!&#8221;</p>

<p>The berries were about ten steps away from Benjamin and he didn't understand how Myrna could be so lazy. He could walk there in five seconds. It would take three seconds to pick the berries. And then it would take five seconds to walk back.</p>

<p>&#8220;It would take thirteen seconds to walk there,&#8221; Benjamin said. &#8220;You can do it.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Nope, not true.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;What do you mean?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;It'll take <i>you</i> thirteen seconds to walk over there. It'll take me nearly ten or eleven hours to get there! You've forgotten I'm a caterpillar. I'd starve before I got there!&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin looked at his little friend and realized that he had been thinking about himself and had not considered that Myrna could not do what he could do. He did not think about getting the berries from her perspective. It was so simple, to him, and it would be so hard for her. And so, he walked to the berries, retrieved some, and returned them to Myrna with a smile in thirteen seconds. He held them in his hand for a few moments.</p>

<p>&#8220;What are you waiting for?&#8221; Myrna asked impatiently. &#8220;Let me have them.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;How do you know they're safe to eat?&#8221; he replied.</p>

<p>&#8220;I've eaten them many times before and I'm still alive!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't know if they're safe for me,&#8221; he said. He turned to his backpack and retrieved <i>A Guide To Plants Outside The Castle Not That You'll Ever Need This Because Everyone Stays In The Castle But If You Do Here's A Book For That, I Guess</i>. He turned page after page until he found a picture of a berry that was identical to what he had in his hand. Underneath the picture, it read <i>not recommended for human consumption</i>.</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh, I shouldn't eat these,&#8221; Benjamin said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Really?&#8221; Myrna asked as she chewed more and more of the berries.</p>

<p>&#8220;It says here that they cause humans to fall into a deep sleep.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;That's a shame! They're so delicious.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, I'll let you enjoy them then.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Would you mind if we took some along with us? They're so delicious I think I'd like to have some tomorrow.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Sure, Myrna. I'm sorry about not thinking about how long it would take you to retrieve berries.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;It's OK. You're not the first to think I can do what everyone else can do. Most people can't even see me.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, you are tiny.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I've got a ferocious voice, Benjamin. Don't forget it!&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin laughed as Myrna held her fists to her face in a mock boxer's pose. He gathered more berries and upon seeing how red his hands had become, he tried to wipe them clean against the trunk of a tree. Myrna noticed what Benjamin was doing and mumbled something to Benjamin but her words weren't clear because of all of the berries in her mouth. As Benjamin continued to wipe his hands against the tree, it started to shake back and forth in such a way that none of the berries stuck to its trunk. Benjamin thought this was curious and so he grabbed some more berries and tried to smash them into the tree again. Myrna swallowed all of the berries at once, her face covered in red juice and her belly rounder than a tennis ball.</p>

<p>&#8220;Uh, I wouldn't do that,&#8221; she said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Do what?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I wouldn't put berries on the tree.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Why not? It's fun. The tree shakes them off! Watch this.&#8221;</p>

<p>And before Myrna could say another word, Benjamin gathered as many berries he could and ran to the tree with the widest trunk in all of the forest. He held the red fruit above his head and then swung his arms into the tree. The berries smashed into the trunk and then flew back into Benjamin's face just as fast as he had thrown them into the tree.</p>

<p>&#8220;What is your problem!&#8221; a voice rang throughout the forest.</p>

<p>Benjamin looked around. He didn't know who asked that question but it sounded like a woman who was not too far away from him. It was a voice much deeper than Myrna's and it echoed throughout the forest.</p>

<p>&#8220;Now you've done it,&#8221; Myrna said with a bored face. She picked up another berry and began to eat it.</p>

<p>&#8220;You can't take a hint!&#8221; the voice yelled again. &#8220;Do you think it's fun to have some little creature run up to you and smash berries into your side? Don't you know berries stain?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I know berries stain,&#8221; Benjamin said as he moved his head back and forth to try to find the source of the voice. He walked backwards to Myrna. &#8220;Myrna, where is that voice coming from?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;If I knew, I'd include it in my informational brochures!&#8221; she said with mock jest before devouring another berry.</p>

<p>&#8220;You were throwing berries into my side on purpose!&#8221; the voice yelled again.</p>

<p>&#8220;Who are you? Where are you?&#8221; Benjamin asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;You've got some nerve. I thought you'd get the gist if I shook them away; but for some reason, you had to run back with more berries. More berries! Why would you think I would want berries on my side?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I was just trying to clean my hands.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;And you think throwing berries into my side without asking my permission is the answer to your problem?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I thought it would solve my problem, yes.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Solving that problem created another problem! They stain! Why would I want them on my side?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;He tried to put them on me too,&#8221; an older manly voice echoed from another side of the forest.</p>

<p>&#8220;He did what?&#8221; the woman's voice yelled.</p>

<p>&#8220;He smashed berries into my side as well,&#8221; the man's voice said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, this is just a berry massacre, isn't it?&#8221; the woman said. &#8220;This little boy has been trying to smash berries into the side of all of us.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Me too,&#8221; a young girl's voice said.</p>

<p>&#8220;The children!&#8221; the female's voice said. &#8220;You've even tried to smash berries into the children!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh, Benjamin! Not the kids!&#8221; Myrna said as she grabbed Benjamin's collar and stared directly into his eyes.</p>

<p>&#8220;I shook at least a dozen times and there are still some berries on me,&#8221; the elderly man said. &#8220;It's going to take at least a few washings until I'm able to get this stain out.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;This is just an awful day,&#8221; said the woman. &#8220;There are berry stains everywhere. Don't you know how difficult it is to get berry stains off?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I have no idea,&#8221; Benjamin said honestly.</p>

<p>&#8220;Ask your mother,&#8221; the woman said. &#8220;They're impossible. Downright impossible.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;They're impossible, Benjamin. Not possible,&#8221; Myrna said as she continued munching on berries.</p>

<p>&#8220;Look at me,&#8221; said the young girl. &#8220;I'm pretty much an embarrassment at this point.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin realized that the trees were talking but he couldn't understand where the voices were coming from. He wasn't sure if the trees themselves were talking to him or if Myrna was playing a joke. He didn't think it was an impossibility. Myrna was a very smart caterpillar with a quirky sense of humor.</p>

<p>&#8220;Who are you all?&#8221; he said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh, now he wants introductions,&#8221; the elderly man's voice said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Little boy comes into the forest and makes a mess of everything and now he wants to know our names,&#8221; the female voice said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Kids these days are so rude. They've got no manners and think they can throw berries wherever they want.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Amen to that!&#8221; Myrna said.</p>

<p>&#8220;You're preaching to the choir, Earl.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;So, his name is Earl,&#8221; Benjamin said quickly, referring to the elderly voice.</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh shoot, I'm sorry Earl,&#8221; said the female's voice while the young girl giggled in the background.</p>

<p>&#8220;Ah, you've done it again,&#8221; said Earl. &#8220;You were never good at keeping secrets, Bertha.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Bertha?&#8221; Benjamin asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;So now you're going to make fun of my name?&#8221; Bertha asked sarcastically.</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, no, I was just confirming that your name is Bertha.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, it's Bertha. That's Earl. I'm Bertha. And, that's Gertrude. You know all our names so now you know who to send money to for our cleaning bill.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm Benjamin. I'm sorry I stained your trunks.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin, eh?&#8221; said Earl. &#8220;I would have thought you looked a bit more like a Robin.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Robin, yes,&#8221; said Bertha. &#8220;I've seen many robins before and you do look a lot like them.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;We were just stopping to eat some berries. We've been walking through the forest for some time now and we're just trying to find our way out.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Hi, everyone. I'm Myrna,&#8221; Myrna said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Myrna? The Myrna who sells the maps of the forest?&#8221; Earl asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes that's me,&#8221; Myrna replied.</p>

<p>&#8220;We've got a celebrity in our midst. Those maps are wonderful,&#8221; Earl said in a very calm manner.</p>

<p>&#8220;They are gorgeous!&#8221; Gertrude said. &#8220;I love the way you drew us!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Ah, thanks everyone!&#8221; Myrna said as she tossed a berry at the now bored Benjamin.</p>

<p>&#8220;We've been watching you two for a while now,&#8221; Bertha said. &#8220;And I hate to break it to you but you've been walking around longer than hours. It's been a couple days.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Days?&#8221; Benjamin said in surprise. &#8220;But, the sun hasn't set yet.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;It doesn't set over this forest. It just keeps circling and circling and circling.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh did I forget to tell you that?&#8221; Myrna asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh my gosh, Myrna. That's exactly how I felt. I felt like I was walking around in circles.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You were.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;How would we have known this?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Don't you have one of Myrna's maps?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;We do!&#8221; Myrna said. &#8220;But, I only create them. I've never used one before.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;That's totally understandable,&#8221; the three trees said in unison.</p>

<p>&#8220;How in the world is that understandable?&#8221; Benjamin asked as he shook his head.</p>

<p>&#8220;Makes sense to me!&#8221; Myrna repeated.</p>

<p>&#8220;How would we have known where we were going to go?&#8221; Benjamin asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;You could have just asked,&#8221; said Earl.</p>

<p>&#8220;Well,&#8221; Benjamin said. &#8220;I didn't think I'd get an answer if I asked a question into a forest.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;That's true,&#8221; Bertha said. &#8220;There's that group in the middle of the forest that's rather rude. They probably wouldn't have told you. You should have put berries on them.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;They are the worst!&#8221; Myrna said quickly as she bit into another berry.</p>

<p>&#8220;Where am I now?&#8221; Benjamin asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;You're in the north east. Can't you tell by our sophistication?&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin couldn't tell. He did not know what a sophisticated tree looked like.</p>

<p>&#8220;Alright, fine,&#8221; Bertha said. &#8220;But, you're going to have to believe us. We're very, very sophisticated.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Can you help us leave the forest?&#8221; Benjamin asked the towering natural wonders around him.</p>

<p>&#8220;That depends on where you'd like to go,&#8221; Earl said.</p>

<p>&#8220;We came from the dessert.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You came through the desert?&#8221; Gertrude asked. &#8220;No one survives the desert. That's one of the most dangerous places outside of all the castles.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin felt a little proud of himself because he did, indeed, survive. It wasn't so bad, he thought. He could do it again if he needed to. And with Myrna's assistance, he could easily manage the desert.</p>

<p>&#8220;If you need to exit opposite the desert, you're going to need to head for the canyon. The canyon will take you to a river and then Myrna's map may be able to guide you the rest of the way,&#8221; Earl said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Great,&#8221; Benjamin said and then paused for a moment. &#8220;But, which way is the canyon.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm pointing to it,&#8221; Earl said.</p>

<p>Benjamin looked up at the nearest tree and saw a trunk soaring into the sky with hundreds of branches pointing every possible direction. He was a little embarrassed because he did not know what Earl meant. Myrna shrugged her shoulders because she had no idea which one of the branches was pointing in the right direction.</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm sorry but I can't&mdash;&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Can't you see, Benjamin?&#8221; Bertha asked with concern. &#8220;Earl is pointing in the direction of the canyon.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;It's right there, Benjamin,&#8221; Earl said.</p>

<p>&#8220;I can see but it's just that there's so many&mdash;&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;He can't see,&#8221; Gertrude said.</p>

<p>&#8220;I can see,&#8221; Benjamin responded. &#8220;But your branches are going in so&mdash;&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;There!&#8221; Earl said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Right there!&#8221; Bertha echoed.</p>

<p>&#8220;There?&#8221; Myrna asked from Benjamin's shoulder.</p>

<p>&#8220;There!&#8221; Gertrude said.</p>

<p>Benjamin looked into the sky and decided he could only know which direction to go if he started to walk. He took three steps forward in one direction.</p>

<p>&#8220;No!&#8221; Earl yelled.</p>

<p>Then, he stopped and took three steps to his left.</p>

<p>&#8220;No!&#8221; Bertha yelled.</p>

<p>Then, he stopped and took three steps backwards.</p>

<p>&#8220;Ah, almost but!&#8221; Earl yelled.</p>

<p>Before Earl or Bertha could say anything more, Benjamin turned a little bit to the right and started to walk.</p>

<p>&#8220;That's it!&#8221; Gertrude said. &#8220;I guess he can see.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;So if I walk straight, we'll walk to the canyon?&#8221; Benjamin asked the trees.</p>

<p>&#8220;You won't be able to miss it,&#8221; Bertha said.</p>

<p>&#8220;And if you need directions in the future,&#8221; Earl continued. &#8220;Just ask someone. It's incredibly rude to smash red berries into our sides. Bye, Myrna!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Bye, everyone,&#8221; Myrna waved as she sat on Benjamin's shoulders while he walked forward.</p>

<p>&#8220;I guess you don't need maps if you can talk to trees,&#8221; Benjamin said to Myrna.</p>

<p>&#8220;Who in their right mind would talk to trees when you can use a map!&#8221; Myrna yelled as she whipped out another map that read <i>Map To Dangerous Areas Of The Kingdom</i>.</p>

</div>

</body>

</html>
