<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
   "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" />
<title>Chapter 21 Bird</title>
</head>

<body lang="EN-US" style="tab-interval:.5in">

<div>

<h1 id="chapter21" class="page-break-before"><span class="chapter-number">Chapter 21</span><br/><span class="chapter chapter-description"> Bird</span></h1>

<p class="introduction">Benjamin couldn't open the door and he wasn't going to open all the walnuts. He paced back and forth at the bottom of the tree trunk thinking about all the ways that one might be able to leave. He could dig a tunnel. But, he did not have a shovel and the trunk was too tough for his hands. He could punch a hole in the tree trunk. But, the tree trunk was more than a foot thick and he didn't have anything that strong. He could explode the entire tree with dynamite. But, he didn't have any dynamite.</p>

<p>&#8220;I am not very happy right now,&#8221; Myrna said as she shook her head from side to side.</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm not happy either, Myrna,&#8221; Benjamin said as he examined the walls for an opening.</p>

<p>&#8220;I mean, I don't get it. Barnaby seemed like a gentleman. He seemed like the kind of person we could trust. He seemed like he would be above treating us like this. Something is very wrong here, Benjamin.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, I know, Myrna. I'm trying to find a way for us to escape.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;No, Benjamin, you don't understand. I think something is really wrong with Barnaby. Maybe Chesterfield, too. I don't know him well. But, something makes me feel like Aloysius Trenhaile has something to do with all of these walnuts.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;There's no way Barnaby and Chesterfield could eat all of the food in this tree alone.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;What are they doing all the way up there?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't know. But, we need to leave.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;No, we need to find out where all this food is going. We have to talk to Barnaby.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin turned to face Myrna so that she could see his confused expression.</p>

<p>&#8220;Myrna, we're trapped here because of him. We can't trust him any longer. We have to leave.&#8221;</p>

<p>Myrna didn't make eye contact with Benjamin. She kept looking at her tail as it tapped up and down on the ground.</p>

<p>&#8220;No, we have to talk to Barnaby. He's the only person that can get us out of here.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You must be kidding.&#8221;</p>

<p>Myrna looked to the top of the tall room and pointed so that Benjamin could see where she was looking.</p>

<p>&#8220;How well can you climb?&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin sighed. He looked at Myrna and realized that she was not going to change her mind. So, he decided to climb. Hand over hand and foot over foot he climbed and climbed. Walnuts fell everywhere as he shook the shelves and moved his feet and hands in different spots. It was difficult but Benjamin was beginning to get comfortable with what he was doing. Benjamin climbed and climbed. After a half hour of progress, he looked to see how far he had moved. He was a foot off the ground, at best.</p>

<p>&#8220;Perhaps you have other talents besides climbing?&#8221; Myrna tried to be polite.</p>

<p>Benjamin didn't understand. He had been trying to climb for a while but had made no progress. He jumped at the wall again and climbed and climbed. But after another half hour had passed, he looked to see his progress and found that he had only climbed another foot into the air.</p>

<p>&#8220;Maybe we should read a book about climbing? That could help! If only there were books here,&#8221; Myrna said as she trailed off.</p>

<p>Benjamin sat down and stared at the wall. It was insurmountable. There was no way he could climb the side of it. Myrna might be able to climb it but it would take her a month until she reached the top. Benjamin wondered if he should just begin opening walnuts. There didn't seem to be any other way out of this predicament. He was caged in with nowhere to go. But then, Benjamin began to imagine that he could climb the wall and that he did make progress. He imagined moving hand over hand while holding himself up on larger steps. He positioned his feet onto these steps and then lifted his body further and further. As he looked down, he saw that he was hundreds of feet in the air. And so, he imagined that he continued to climb at a faster rate, each arm movement faster than the last. Walnuts and various other foods fell at his side. The tree swayed with Benjamin's movement. And after only a minute, Benjamin imagined that he reached the top. And there, at the top of the tree, was Chesterfield and Barnaby. He imagined that they were probably sleeping or watching television or doing something else while Benjamin and Myrna were trapped below. So, he hid behind them while they weren't paying attention and grabbed one with each of his hands. It would be impossible to catch a chipmunk or a squirrel in real life, Benjamin thought. But as he imagined it, he grabbed both of the animals and then climbed higher to the top of the tree until he reached the very top. From there, he exited a window and&mdash;</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin! Benjamin!&#8221; Benjamin heard Myrna yelling into his ear. &#8220;Benjamin, stop!&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin stopped. He stopped imagining. And when he stopped imagining, he found himself at the top of the tree with Myrna on his shoulder, Barnaby on his left, and Chesterfield on his right. All three of them were silent with eyes as large as their faces. Benjamin, too, was surprised. He didn't know how he got up here. He had simply imagined having climbed up the tree. He didn't actually climb up the tree. He already tried that and failed.</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin!&#8221; Myrna repeated again.</p>

<p>&#8220;I hear you. I hear you,&#8221; Benjamin said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Please don't drop us,&#8221; Chesterfield said.</p>

<p>&#8220;He's not going to drop you, you dumb chipmunk,&#8221; Myrna said. &#8220;Benjamin, let's go back inside.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin climbed back inside and continued to wonder what had just happened.</p>

<p>&#8220;What! Woah!&#8221; Barnaby yelled. &#8220;What was that all about?&#8221;</p>

<p>Myrna saw that Benjamin was still trying to piece things together. And so, she took the opportunity to scold the two animals.</p>

<p>&#8220;That was not very nice!&#8221; Myrna yelled.</p>

<p>&#8220;We're sorry! We're sorry!&#8221; Chesterfield said.</p>

<p>&#8220;We should throw you off this tree for having trapped us like that. That is no way to treat someone,&#8221; Myrna shouted.</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, we're terribly sorry!&#8221; Chesterfield said. Both he and Barnaby were suddenly more worried and concerned than they were before.</p>

<p>&#8220;What is the meaning of treating people like that?&#8221; Myrna yelled.</p>

<p>&#8220;We have to!&#8221; Barnaby said.</p>

<p>&#8220;You don't have to!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;We do! Or else, I won't ever be freed,&#8221; Chesterfield said.</p>

<p>&#8220;You can leave whenever you want. You're not trapped here.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I am!&#8221; Chesterfield said. &#8220;If I don't have a shipment of food ready for the nightmares every week, then I can't leave the tree. One day, I hope to leave this tree for good like Barnaby here. He did this for years and finally, he's free.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;That is still no reason to treat us that way.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I know,&#8221; Chesterfield said softly. And then, they both started shivering and burst into tears.</p>

<p>&#8220;We're sorry!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;We know we're awful!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Don't kill us!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;So sorry!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Take all the walnuts you want. Have them all,&#8221; Barnaby said in tears.</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, you can have them all. Whatever you want. We're really sorry.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin gathered himself together and released his grasp of the two animals.</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't want any walnuts. I just want to go to Aloysius Trenhaile's castle,&#8221; Benjamin said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Fine, fine, we'll let you go. Don't kill us! Please don't kill us.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm not going to kill you!&#8221; Benjamin said.</p>

<p>&#8220;You're not?&#8221; Barnaby asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;No, I would never do that.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;But,&#8221; Chesterfield said slowly. &#8220;You have powers.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;What powers?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Are you kidding? You climbed to the top of the tree. No one could climb to the top of the tree.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;No one could climb up the top of the tree unless...&#8221; Barnaby stopped and then both he and Chesterfield looked at Benjamin.</p>

<p>Benjamin had no idea that he was now in increasingly more danger. Chesterfield and Barnaby had discovered what Miss Lindenmeyer and Rodney Cohen had discovered. They knew, too, that Benjamin had a creative imagination.</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin, what do you say about hanging out with us for a while?&#8221; Chesterfield said. &#8220;We could tour you around. We could introduce you to some people.&#8221;</p>

<p>Myrna had an idea what the squirrel and chipmunk were thinking so she quickly put a stop to it. She climbed down from Benjamin's shoulder and with her little arms waved at Chesterfield and Barnaby as quickly as she could.</p>

<p>&#8220;Now, listen here. I know what you're up to. You two are selfish brats and you want to use Benjamin for your own gain. That's not going to happen on my watch. I'm going to make sure Benjamin finds the king who can set him free. Is that clear?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, ma'am,&#8221; they said in unison while Myrna continued to hold onto their noses.</p>

<p>&#8220;Good! So, first thing is first. You are to tell no one that Benjamin is capable of dreaming on his own. No one will know that he is creative and has a vivid imagination. OK?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, ma'am,&#8221; they repeated again in a nasally voice.</p>

<p>&#8220;And secondly, you are going to tell us how to get to the nightmare castle.&#8221;</p>

<p>Both Barnaby and Chesterfield pointed to a large basket on a branch outside the tree. It was a gigantic basket made of steel and wire that looked like it had been used a thousand times. The basket was nearly ten times the size of Benjamin and looked like it weighed twenty times as much. Inside, Benjamin could see many opened walnuts as well as various fruits.</p>

<p>Benjamin looked at all of the walnuts and then looked at the basket.</p>

<p>&#8220;Where does that basket go?&#8221; Benjamin asked the two of them.</p>

<p>&#8220;It goes to the castle,&#8221; Chesterfield said. &#8220;It's going to be picked up today.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;A hawk comes to pick it up,&#8221; Barnaby qualified.</p>

<p>&#8220;OK,&#8221; Benjamin said. &#8220;I'm going to hide underneath a blanket in that basket and the hawk will take me to that castle.&#8221;</p>

<p>Myrna didn't like the sound of going to Aloysius Trenhaile's castle but Benjamin knew this was a smarter way to find King Bernard Zwirn. He would be delivered to wherever the food was taken and then he could search for the king. He was proud he had stumbled upon a quite logical plan. But, there was one more detail.</p>

<p>&#8220;And, you two are coming with me,&#8221; he said as he pointed to Chesterfield and Barnaby. The squirrel and the chipmunk swallowed hard and then let out a long sigh. Their faces turned white and their limbs went numb. They knew that Benjamin was not giving them an option. They had to go along with him.</p>

<p>Benjamin had a feeling that these two animals weren't that bad. He felt like they would be nicer to others if Aloysius didn't enslave them. If they were free, they could be friendlier, he thought.</p>

<p>For a few hours, Benjamin, Myrna, Chesterfield, and Barnaby waited in the basket together. They were all hidden under a blanket that Chesterfield kept in a closet whenever he needed to cover the basket when it rained. Every time someone made a noise, Myrna stuck her finger to her mouth and shushed as loudly as she could. Each time, Benjamin laughed because Myrna was making more noise than everyone else but she didn't realize it. And when they all heard a hawk call in the distance, they stayed quiet. The hawk arrived and Benjamin realized it was nearly twenty times bigger than he. He wanted to see it. Just a glance, he thought. As he tried to peel the blanket down, Myrna grabbed his nose. Chesterfield did, too. And, Barnaby did as well. None of these animals wanted the hawk to see them. And so, Benjamin had to be satisfied with what he heard and smelled.</p>

<p>The hawk was far from graceful and Benjamin feared for his safety. He wondered if this was a good idea. The hawk moved in the air like Benjamin jumped on the ground. Everything tumbled around in the basket.</p>

<p>&#8220;So, this is what it's going to be like to fly,&#8221; Myrna said to Benjamin.</p>

<p>&#8220;How much longer do you think it will be?&#8221; Benjamin asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, it's the same one that always comes to pick up the basket,&#8221; Barnaby said as he held onto a watermelon for dear life. &#8220;And since he comes every two weeks, I'd have to imagine it would take us a week to get to Aloysius Trenhaile's castle.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;A week!&#8221; Benjamin asked with confusion.</p>

<p>&#8220;If Aloysius treats the hawk like he treats us, he won't be giving the hawk any resting time,&#8221; Chesterfield said.</p>

<p>&#8220;But, we won't starve!&#8221; Barnaby said as he watched all of the food bounce up and down.</p>

<p>&#8220;We won't survive up here for a week,&#8221; Benjamin said to himself. There was no way that they could sleep and there was no way that they could keep food in their stomachs. This bird needed to land, Benjamin thought. This was too dangerous.</p>

<p>Without thinking, Benjamin peeked around the blanket to see the large hawk flopping its wings above. He felt Myrna, Chesterfield, and Barnaby grabbing his legs to prevent him from leaving. Benjamin was not going to leave but he wanted to know if he could see a castle in the distance. He saw that he was much higher above the ground than he expected. The ground was thousands of feet below him and he was miles away from Chesterfield's tree. Benjamin had never been this high above the ground in his life. He watched with amazement as a river carved its way between rolling green hills into a mountain range capped with white tops. A volcano in the distance puffed smoke into the air next to a lake, which glistened under the beaming sun. He could see meadows stretch for distances he could not imagine walking and canyons that he could not imagine traversing. He didn't know where he was but he did see a castle in the distance.</p>

<p>&#8220;I see it!&#8221; Benjamin said to his fellow passengers.</p>

<p>&#8220;Already?&#8221; Chesterfield said.</p>

<p>&#8220;That doesn't sound right,&#8221; Barnaby offered.</p>

<p>Myrna looked at Benjamin with unease. She knew that he did not want to be in the basket thousands of feet above the ground any longer. She knew he wanted to go down to the ground.</p>

<p>&#8220;I definitely saw a castle,&#8221; Benjamin repeated.</p>

<p>&#8220;You saw <i>a</i> castle but how do you know it's Aloysius Trenhaile's castle?&#8221; Chesterfield asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't know. Has anyone been there?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Only the hawk has been there!&#8221; Barnaby said. &#8220;I suggest we wait until the hawk has landed. When the hawk has landed, we'll know that we're in Aloysius Trenhaile's castle.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin couldn't disagree with Barnaby's logic. He knew that the squirrel was wise, despite also being selfish. But, Benjamin definitely saw a castle. It looked like a set of crystal buildings sitting upon a hill. It didn't feel like the castle for an evil villain but Benjamin had never met an evil villain to know where they lived. He was convinced that the crystal castle was indeed where Aloysius Trenhaile lived.</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin, when did you first realize you could control your dreams?&#8221; Chesterfield asked from seemingly nowhere.</p>

<p>&#8220;What do you mean?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You can control what happens in reality by dreaming. I read a lot about this and I used to be able to do it. I can't any longer but I know that you have this gift. I saw you do it. You just don't know how to control it. For example, if you dream that this walnut in my hand grew to be double in size, it would be double its size after your dream ended.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I can control my dreams?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;It's not an easy thing to understand. But, yes. You can control your dreams. I saw how you climbed up the side of the tree trunk. You couldn't have done that if you didn't dream you were doing it.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;But I just go to sleep and dream. Or, my mind wanders during the day and I dream.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;So, you never knew you were special?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't think I'm special.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;That's very humble of you but you are special.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I guess, when I think about it, I first realized I could control my dreams when I flew in the castle.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You flew?&#8221; Myrna asked with surprise.</p>

<p>&#8220;Only for a moment and I wasn't able to do it again,&#8221; Benjamin said.</p>

<p>&#8220;I think with a little training, you could fly more often,&#8221; Chesterfield said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Really? How?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You can control those dreams. Let me help you. We can start with something very basic. Can you imagine that this walnut turned purple?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Purple?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, purple. Imagine it's purple.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;It's obviously not purple.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;That's right. It's your job to imagine it turning purple. Close your eyes. Imagine this walnut turned purple. Don't think about anything else. Only think about your dream. Focus on dreaming. Dream about changing this walnut's color.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin closed his eyes and squeezed them tightly. He tried to dream about the walnut changing colors. He thought so hard about it but then he felt a hand on his head.</p>

<p>&#8220;Relax!&#8221; Chesterfield said.</p>

<p>Benjamin open his eyes and stared at Chesterfield.</p>

<p>&#8220;This is hard,&#8221; Benjamin said softly.</p>

<p>&#8220;You can do it. You can dream. You just have to relax and believe in yourself. Relax and let your mind gently fall into your control.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin closed his eyes again and relaxed his body. He started to think about changing the walnut's color. But then, he stopped. He noticed that he was not relaxing his mind.</p>

<p>&#8220;It's not easy,&#8221; Chesterfield said. &#8220;But you know you can control your dreams when you're comfortable letting yourself relax. Guide your dreams. Don't force them.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin took a deep breath and then dropped his shoulders. He thought about Jupiter running around his family home. There were tennis balls outside and Jupiter ran from one to another, barking at each of them. Benjamin picked one of them up and threw it as far as he could. Jupiter chased after it and returned it. When Benjamin looked at the tennis ball, he noticed that Jupiter also brought a walnut back from the tree at the end of the yard. It was the tree that Benjamin loved to climb. He frequently read books at the top of it. The tree was his escape from the world. It was one of his favorite places. Benjamin then imagined that all of the walnuts in the tree were no longer a boring brown color but every color imaginable. There were blues and reds and greens and oranges. There were blacks and whites and yellows and grays. And in his hand, the walnut was purple. And then, Benjamin imagined that the walnut in Chesterfield's hand was also purple. He imagined that it transitioned color from brown to purple instantly.</p>

<p>&#8220;That's it!&#8221; Chesterfield shouted. &#8220;You did it!&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin opened his eyes and saw that Chesterfield holding a purple walnut in his hand. He did it. He still wasn't sure how he did it. But, Chesterfield taught him how to control his dreams.</p>

<p>&#8220;That was amazing, Benjamin,&#8221; Myrna said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Well done,&#8221; Barnaby added.</p>

<p>&#8220;Now you can do anything. You can dream, Benjamin,&#8221; Chesterfield said. &#8220;All you have to do is close your eyes and imagine. Let your mind drift away and gently guide it however you'd like. Follow your dreams.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Thanks, Chesterfield,&#8221; Benjamin said with a newfound respect for his friend the squirrel.</p>

<p>Suddenly, the hawk shook the basket from side to side. And then, it did it again. And, again. It was a violent shaking that caused all of the contents in the basket to trade places with each other.</p>

<p>&#8220;We must be getting ready to land,&#8221; Benjamin said with enthusiasm.</p>

<p>&#8220;That's impossible,&#8221; Barnaby said. &#8220;We've only been flying for a number of hours.&#8221;</p>

<p>Chesterfield and Barnaby shared a confused expression as the hawk shook the basket even more. As Benjamin gripped the walls, Barnaby poked his nose from the basket to look outside. He quickly pulled his head back in.</p>

<p>&#8220;We're under attack!&#8221; Barnaby said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Under attack?&#8221; Myrna responded. &#8220;Under attack by who?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;There are people on the ground who are firing rocks at the hawk. They are trying to knock it down.&#8221;</p>

<p>The hawk shook the basket from side to side again. Benjamin started to worry that his assumption was incorrect. The bird was not going to land safely. The bird was going to crash to the ground with the basket in tow. The basket bounced up and down and the animals held on for their lives.</p>

<p>Benjamin looked outside and saw objects being fired passed the hawk at amazing speeds. One flew by and then another. And then, another. He looked in the direction from which they were coming and was able to see a group of people near a river. They were trying to shoot the hawk.</p>

<p>The bird swung left and barely escaped getting hit. Then, it banked to the right and avoided several more shots. Benjamin held onto the basket as tightly as he could, fearful that either the hawk was going to drop them or that it would be hit.</p>

<p>The hawk jerked to the right and several walnuts flew from the basket to the ground below. Benjamin gripped the side as tightly as he could. The hawk began to spiral to avoid the shots being fired at it.</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin!&#8221; Barnaby yelled. &#8220;Please save us!&#8221;</p>

<p>Something hit the hawk square in the head. The bird, the basket, and the animals were in free fall headed straight for land. Feathers flew everywhere and the hawk screamed in panic. Benjamin screamed too. He was crashing into the earth and this was not part of his plan. The air moved so fast that Benjamin could not tell how close he was to disaster. He didn't know what he could do. But something about what Chesterfield said made sense to him.</p>

<p>He closed his eyes and tried to ignore the sounds of the basket crashing to the earth. If only, he thought, the basket would land on something soft. He didn't know what it could be. But if the basket could land on something soft, they would be fine. But he couldn't imagine what that would be. Whenever he dreamed before, he was comfortable. At that moment, he was as far away from comfort as he could be. He opened his eyes and saw the three animals looking at him and he realized then how much he was needed. They depended on him and that made him confident. And as he started to feel confident, he also realized that despite the dire situation in which he found himself, he felt a little more comfort.</p>

<p>Benjamin shut his eyes again and imagined how a basket could land on earth. It could be a pillow, he thought. But, there was no pillow big enough. It could be a big cotton ball, but that didn't feel right either. It could be a gigantic mattress. But that, too, didn't feel normal. Neither did a sofa or a chair or a silk hammock. But then something did feel comfortable. The basket could land in a big pile of feathers. The feathers absorbed the basket and Benjamin imagined them falling all around as the animals and fruit slowed to a gentle landing on the ground. It was a beautiful dream, he thought. He opened his eyes and saw what he had done.</p>

<p>&#8220;Well done, Benjamin!&#8221; Chesterfield said. &#8220;I'm very proud of you!&#8221; </p>

<p>Benjamin was proud of himself. He felt like he had controlled his dreams. He was able to guide his imagination.</p>

<p>&#8220;Are you sure we didn't just land on the bird?&#8221; Myrna said as she pointed to all of the feathers.</p>

<p>Benjamin didn't see the bird but he did see a gigantic pile of feathers. And so, it may have been that the basket landed on the bird. Or, maybe, he thought, he did dream that the basket landed on a pile of feathers from his imagination. He wanted to know whether the hawk was there but he heard footsteps and shouting from a few hundred feet away.</p>

<p>&#8220;We have to hide,&#8221; Barnaby said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Who is that?&#8221; Benjamin asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;They shot down the bird,&#8221; Chesterfield said. &#8220;I don't want to find out. If they're trying to destroy Aloysius Trenhaile's hawk, they might be worse than he is.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;We should hide, Benjamin. Hurry!&#8221; Myrna said.</p>

<p>Benjamin didn't know how many people were running toward him but he guessed it was a dozen. He ran to a boulder against the side of a mountain cliff and stayed as still as he could. After a minute, they saw a shadow cast near the feathers. And then, another. And, another. There were more than a dozen people together.</p>

<p>&#8220;There's our food,&#8221; said a voice.</p>

<p>&#8220;Pick it all up,&#8221; said another.</p>

<p>&#8220;Let's take the basket as well,&#8221; said another.</p>

<p>&#8220;Don't leave a trace here. We don't want anyone to track us down,&#8221; said another.</p>

<p>Benjamin couldn't see the people but he heard them gather the basket and pick up the walnuts and all of the other foods. The shadows moved quickly and Benjamin's curiosity grew. He leaned against the boulder and slowly started to move to its edge. He peeked around the side and saw lots of people dressed completely in blue. They were all wearing sunglasses. Barnaby yanked Benjamin back before he was seen.</p>

<p>&#8220;Is that the bird?&#8221; said one of the people dressed in blue. &#8220;Where did all those feathers come from?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Nope. That's not the bird. These feathers are a different color.&#8221;</p>

</div>

</body>

</html>
