<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
   "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" />
<title>Chapter 2 Dinosaur</title>
</head>

<body lang="EN-US" style="tab-interval:.5in">

<div>

<h1 id="chapter02" class="page-break-before"><span class="chapter-number">Chapter 2</span><br/><span class="chapter chapter-description"> Dinosaur</span></h1>

<p class="introduction">That night, Benjamin dreamed that he was meeting the dinosaurs at a castle to discuss Professor Undutois' plan to destroy another European capital by flooding it. Benjamin had to figure out where his evil nemesis was going to access enough water to execute the plan. He and the dinosaurs looked down from the old city's castle to the river below.</p>

<p>There just isn't enough water there to flood the entire city, Benjamin thought to himself. There was no ocean or lake nearby. If Professor Undutois was going to bring in a vast amount of water, Benjamin would be able to see it from the castle. He rubbed his brow as the stegosaurus, Tyrannosaurus rex, and brontosaurus waited to hear the plan. Benjamin was confused because he could not figure out where the water would come from.</p>

<p>And then, he had his answer. The sky was clear. It was crystal blue. But in the distance, there was an unusually lonely cloud floating in the direction of the city</p>

<p>&#8220;Professor Undutois is going to make it rain upon the old city until the city is underwater,&#8221; he proclaimed to the seated dinosaurs. &#8220;We have to find the machine he built to create rain and stop him before it's too late.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;What does the machine look like?&#8221; the Tyrannosaurus rex asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm not exactly sure,&#8221; Benjamin said. &#8220;But, it has to be large enough to produce big clouds. It had to be near that cloud over there.&#8221;</p>

<p>All of the dinosaurs looked in the direction Benjamin was pointing and agreed that his conclusion made perfect sense. They watched another cloud appear from the distance. Then, another. And, another. There was no doubt in Benjamin's mind that Professor Undutois was making rain clouds and that the evil nemesis would continue to do so until the city was underwater.</p>

<p>&#8220;Let's get him!&#8221; Benjamin shouted to his friends.</p>

<p>They raced through the old city, navigating the roads on bicycles so that they could dodge the trolleys quickly and safely. Benjamin's heart beat faster as he realized that this beautiful city could be lost if he didn't stop Professor Undutois. It was a lot of pressure, he thought, but he would do it with the assistance of his friends.</p>

<p>&#8220;I think we should go&mdash;&#8221; Benjamin started.</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm hungry,&#8221; the brontosaurus yelled back.</p>

<p>&#8220;You're what?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm hungry.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;How can you be hungry now? Can't you wait until after we arrest Professor Undutois?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;No, I'm pretty hungry,&#8221; the brontosaurus named Gary added. &#8220;I think I need to eat or I'm not going to be able to help.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Is anyone else hungry like Gary?&#8221; Benjamin asked his friends while standing in the middle of Wenceslas Square. He couldn't believe this. He needed the dinosaurs to help him and all they were concerned about was eating more food.</p>

<p>&#8220;I could use a nap,&#8221; the Tyrannosaurus rex named Snark said.</p>

<p>&#8220;A nap!&#8221; Benjamin shouted.</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, we've been going pretty fast for quite some time. I'm kind of tired.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;But we don't have time!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;It won't be a long nap.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;How long will it be?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Twenty minutes?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Twenty minutes!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;If I start now, I think it could be fifteen.&#8221;</p>

<p>Gary came back with a gigantic salad and began eating it on a park bench.</p>

<p>&#8220;OK, Snark. Get some sleep,&#8221; Benjamin said. &#8220;Gerald and I will find a way to get to Professor Undutois so that we don't lose much time.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Actually, I kind of have to...&#8221; Gerald the stegosaurus paused.</p>

<p>&#8220;You have to what?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Use the restroom,&#8221; Gerald whispered into Benjamin's ear.</p>

<p>&#8220;Fine!&#8221; Benjamin said as he flung his hands to his side. He gave up. &#8220;Go use the bathroom.&#8221;</p>

<p>Gerald stumbled away from the group, Snark slept on the ground, and Gary ate on the park bench. Benjamin was sure that he was losing valuable time that should have been spent stopping the terrible man. He turned his head to the sky and noticed that there were more than ten clouds in the sky. It was only a matter of time before the sky was covered with them.</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't think I can wait much longer,&#8221; Benjamin said to Gary. &#8220;I need to go stop Professor Undutois.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I'll only be a few more minutes,&#8221; Gary said as he chewed on some carrots. &#8220;But, I kind of have to use the bathroom as well.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm going to go,&#8221; Benjamin decided as he gained more confidence. &#8220;When Snark wakes up and Gerald returns, find me where Professor Undutois is creating the clouds.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Sounds good, Ben,&#8221; Gary replied while eating broccoli.</p>

<p>Benjamin did not like the idea of abandoning his friends but he also did not like the idea of Professor Undutois flooding the old city. He thought that he would find the villain and when the dinosaurs were ready, they would help him then.</p>

<p>More clouds gathered in the sky, and then Benjamin felt a raindrop. It was the first raindrop he felt. Then, he felt another. And then, another. Professor Undutois launched his plan and Benjamin needed to stop him. If the rain continued at this pace, there could be a flood very soon.</p>

<p>Benjamin found an abandoned bicycle and rode it to the cloud machine. He saw the machine on the top of a small apartment building. But, he could not see Professor Undutois.</p>

<p>Clouds scattered across the sky and the rain began to pour more violently. Benjamin climbed a ladder on the side of the apartment building, careful not to slip on the metal steps. When he reached the rooftop, he saw the machine. But, he also saw that the buttons to control it were missing. Professor Undutois had them, he thought to himself.</p>

<p>&#8220;You'll never stop me this time, Benjamin,&#8221; Professor Undutois yelled from the rooftop across the street.</p>

<p>&#8220;Give me the controls,&#8221; Benjamin said sternly.</p>

<p>&#8220;In your dreams,&#8221; Professor Undutois said.</p>

<p>Benjamin did not believe he could turn off the machine without obtaining the controls that Professor Undutois held. As the rain started to pour more violently, he climbed back down the apartment building and raced across the street. He was about to ascend the staircase when he saw Professor Undutois descending, heading right for Benjamin. Benjamin took a step backwards and prepared himself to tackle the evil villain as soon as he was within reach. This would be Benjamin's most successful victory yet.</p>

<p>Oddly, though, Professor Undutois was screaming. He was screaming so loudly that Benjamin realized the villain was not running toward Benjamin but away from something. Professor Undutois landed on the ground, threw the controls for the cloud machine at Benjamin, and then ran down the street with his arms above his head, panicking more and more.</p>

<p>Benjamin looked in the direction from which Professor Undutois came and saw the top of the staircase was beginning to shake. There was no time to lose, though, because Benjamin needed to stop the clouds. He looked at the controls that Professor Undutois had thrown at him and decided that it would be simple enough to stop the rain. Benjamin lowered his index finger onto the <i>off</i> button when bricks started to fall from the side of the apartment building. Benjamin looked to the roof and saw the most gigantic face of a monster he had ever seen.</p>

<p>It was the same monster.</p>

<p>It screamed at Benjamin more loudly than any noise Benjamin had ever heard previously.</p>

<p>It had teeth like enormous swords.</p>

<p>It emanated fire from its body as if it was a moving volcano.</p>

<p>And, it moved slowly towards Benjamin.</p>

<p>Benjamin did not know what to do in this situation because he had never encountered such a thing before. If he turned off the rain, he thought, the episode would be over and he will have won. His finger clicked the <i>off</i> button on the controls and the clouds stopped appearing and the rain stopped falling and the old city stopped being flooded. But, the monster kept moving toward Benjamin.</p>

<p>It jumped to the street, destroying the cars and trucks that it landed upon. Benjamin realized that this monster was after him. And, Benjamin could not hide his fear. His legs shook. His arms felt numb. His muscles felt immobile. His face felt weak.</p>

<p>And then, he felt a painful thud in the side of his body. He looked to the ground and realized that he was moving, but his legs were still and his body was still. Snark had grabbed him and ran faster than Benjamin had ever seen him run before. The monster gave chase and Snark sprinted more quickly down deserted streets heading for a section of the city that Benjamin had not seen before.</p>

<p>Benjamin panicked and did not enjoy the dream anymore. He felt in danger and he felt that his friends, the dinosaurs, recognized that there was indeed something wrong. Benjamin wanted to leave, so he did.</p>

<p>He woke up.</p>

<p>He rubbed his eyes and stretched his arms and remarked how his heart was racing a little bit more than he was comfortable with.</p>

<p>&#8220;It's over,&#8221; he thought to himself, disappointed that he did have a successful dream and curious as to why that monster appeared again.</p>

<p>Benjamin threw his legs over the side of the bed and although he was still waking up, he realized that something was not quite right. Whenever he looked to his wall, his eyes were in line with the poster of a stegosaurus. But now, his eyes were well above the poster. In fact, his head was only a foot away from the ceiling. Benjamin looked down and realized that he was almost six feet above the ground. And if he was six feet above the ground, there was something holding his bed six feet in the air.</p>

<p>He jumped to the floor, looked under his bed and screamed. There was a dinosaur that looked exactly like Snark. The dinosaur looked at Benjamin and screamed in return.</p>

<p>Benjamin screamed.</p>

<p>Snark screamed.</p>

<p>Benjamin panicked.</p>

<p>Snark panicked.</p>

<p>Benjamin tried to run away.</p>

<p>Snark tried to run away.</p>

<p>Benjamin wanted to exit the room but Snark was standing in the path to the door. As Benjamin moved to one side, Snark moved to that same side in an awkward dance of two very scared creatures. And then, Snark grabbed Benjamin's shoulders.</p>

<p>The only thought that passed through Benjamin's mind was that he was going to be eaten at that moment. It was inevitable. Snark was probably hungry and Benjamin was food. But if I'm going to be eaten, Benjamin thought, I'm going to run away and hide. And since he couldn't move, he fought the only way he knew how to fight. He yelled as loudly as he could.</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh, no! Quiet! Please be quiet!&#8221; Snark replied as he dropped Benjamin.</p>

<p>The voice sounded a lot less menacing than Benjamin had expected. It sounded like it belonged to a man older than Benjamin but not as old as his dad. It sounded as if it was from someone who was not a kid but not yet an adult. Benjamin stepped backward slowly to the door so that he could escape.</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm going to get in so much trouble for this!&#8221; Snark said as he sat heavily upon Benjamin's chest of dinosaur toys, denting the lid quite significantly. Snark waved one of his claws against his face to brush away some dust in his eye. &#8220;Come on, Rodney. Pull yourself together. You can do this.&#8221; Snark took a deep, long breath. &#8220;You can do this!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Rodney?&#8221; Benjamin asked with curiosity.</p>

<p>Snark turned quickly to Benjamin.</p>

<p>&#8220;Listen, Benjamin,&#8221; Snark said. &#8220;You need to go about your day and when you come back to your room tonight, I'll be gone. Actually, it would be really, really great if you didn't tell anyone that I'm here. Can you do that for me? I mean, I'm really, really trying hard to keep this job and I'm really, really close to losing it. I need you to do a big favor for me and not tell anyone that I was here. Otherwise, I'll lose my job. Is that OK?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;What's your job?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh, I keep talking and I get myself into more trouble,&#8221; Snark continued as he shook his head. &#8220;I can't tell you that, Benjamin. I've said too much. You just have to promise me that you're not going to tell anyone that I'm here.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;That's kind of hard,&#8221; Benjamin responded. &#8220;You've destroyed my room and you're making so much noise.&#8221;</p>

<p>Snark and Benjamin looked at the room which appeared to have been torn apart by a tornado, the posters and toys strewn across the floor. The bed was almost unusable and there was clothing everywhere. The lamps were knocked over and there were gigantic Tyrannosaurus rex footprints throughout, including the ceiling.</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin!&#8221; Mrs. Buckingham yelled up the stairs. &#8220;Stop jumping around up there and come down for breakfast!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You need to clean this up,&#8221; Benjamin said to Snark.</p>

<p>&#8220;I can't clean it up,&#8221; the dinosaur responded to Benjamin.</p>

<p>&#8220;You made this mess! You clean it up.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;But, I can't.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Why not?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I've got these tiny arms. It'll take me weeks to clean up and I need to get back to work.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Work? What do you do?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I told you I can't tell you.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;So, you're an accountant too, like my dad?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin, I'm sorry I destroyed your room but I have to go and I need you not to tell anyone that I was here.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Fine,&#8221; Benjamin said with a little anger at the state of his space. &#8220;But, you're going to have to go out through the window.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;The window!&#8221; Snark yelled with surprise.</p>

<p>&#8220;If my mom sees a dinosaur was in my room, I'm going to be in even bigger trouble.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm not going out the window!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Why not? Is it the arms again?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;No, that's not how I can leave.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;How are you going to leave?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I can't tell you.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You've destroyed my room and now you're going to run around my home. Do you know what the kids at school are going to say about me when they find out a dinosaur came from my room?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I know, I know. I'm going to leave quickly but I can't let you know how I'm going to leave. You just need to step into the hallway for one minute.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;If you steal any of my toys,&#8221; Benjamin began.</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm not going to steal any of your toys!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Or the posters!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm not going to steal any of your posters! Just, please, Benjamin, I'm going to get into so much trouble. I'm really late. I need to go!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Fine,&#8221; Benjamin said as he gave one last frustrated look to Snark. He stepped into the hallway and closed the door, but only until there was a tiny sliver through which he could see what Snark was going to do next.</p>

<p>Benjamin watched Snark walk back and forth with his claws on his head, obviously worried about the state of things. He kept looking at his wrist, upon which Benjamin realized was a watch. He had not noticed it earlier. Maybe Snark really was late for something, Benjamin thought. Curiosity was overwhelming him and he wanted to know where Snark was going next. Dinosaurs did not just walk around the neighborhood.</p>

<p>Snark took one more glance at his watch and rubbed his claws together. He grabbed the side of the bed and stood it up on its side. Benjamin couldn't believe what he was watching. Snark was making more of a mess of his room even after promising that he wouldn't. It would take him months to restore it to a state his mother would find acceptable, Benjamin thought.</p>

<p>And then, a bright light appeared on the floor that had been previously hidden by the bed. It became larger and larger and brighter and brighter. Snark shielded his eyes and Benjamin did the same. And then, Snark jumped into the light in the ground as if it was a swimming pool and disappeared.</p>

<p>Benjamin's mind was overwhelmed with thoughts. Where was Snark going? How long had there been this light under his bed? Where did it go? Who was going to clean up this mess? How mad will his mother be?</p>

<p>He opened the door to his room and stepped to the light, looking at it without falling into it. He couldn't see anything beyond brightness. And then, the circular light started to get smaller and smaller.</p>

<p>More thoughts entered Benjamin's mind as he realized that a door to something was closing. He did not know what was on the other side of the door but he did know that there was a dinosaur that was late for something. And, that dinosaur knew Benjamin's name. And, that dinosaur saved his life. He struggled with what he should do next.</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin, time for school!&#8221; Mrs. Buckingham yelled to him.</p>

<p>&#8220;School!&#8221; Benjamin echoed to himself.</p>

<p>But, I don't want to go to school today, he thought to himself.</p>

<p>And so, he jumped.</p>

</div>

</body>

</html>
