<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
   "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" />
<title>Chapter 6 Leaving</title>
</head>

<body lang="EN-US" style="tab-interval:.5in">

<div>

<h1 id="chapter06" class="page-break-before"><span class="chapter-number">Chapter 6</span><br/><span class="chapter chapter-description"> Leaving</span></h1>

<p class="introduction">Benjamin and King Bernard Zwirn sprinted down one hallway, then another, and then another until Benjamin lost a sense of which direction he was going. Everything felt disorienting and confusing. The more he saw of this castle, the less he understood it.</p>

<p>&#8220;We've got nine minutes to get you to the train station,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said in between breaths. &#8220;The elders said the next time the departure gateway opens is in a couple months. If you don't get through that portal, I don't know what we're going to do with you here.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I could keep to myself. I'll just look around and see where all the dinosaurs live.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin, you won't be able to live here because this place is much different than where you're from. This is, how should I say, a little bit like a magical manufacturing city.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;A magical manufacturing city?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, we make something here.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Like bikes?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Kind of like bikes,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said as he opened a door to the outside world. &#8220;It's a little bit more complicated than that.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;What do you make?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh, my,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said as he glanced at his watch. &#8220;We're going to be late. We've got seven minutes.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin thought about stopping, so that King Bernard Zwirn had no choice but to let him live in Castle Ehtahl for a while. He knew King Bernard Zwirn would not be able to pull him to the train station. He was a large man but he looked like he had the strength of someone a quarter the size.</p>

<p>&#8220;I'll sprint to the train station,&#8221; Benjamin said. &#8220;I'm a lot faster than you but in exchange, you have to tell me what you make here.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Deal!&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said quickly, his brow covered in sweat and his chest heaving back and forth like rough waves in the ocean. &#8220;We make dreams.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You make dreams?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, we make dreams.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;What do you mean you make dreams?&#8221;</p>

<p>King Bernard Zwirn removed a necklace and gave it to Benjamin. On the end, there was a small brass key that looked like it was much older than the king who wore it.</p>

<p>&#8220;You have to use this key to get into the train station. You go straight towards that gigantic tower, then make a left and run along the river to a series of blue, yellow, and green buildings. The yellow building is the entrance to the train station and you'll need this key to get inside. On the last platform, you'll see the departure gateway that will send you home.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;But, I don't understand what you mean&mdash;&#8221; Benjamin began.</p>

<p>&#8220;You have five minutes to run straight for that gigantic tower, then make a left and run along&mdash;&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn began repeating the directions again.</p>

<p>&#8220;No, sorry,&#8221; Benjamin replied. &#8220;What do you mean you make dreams?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;We make dreams.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You make dreams come true?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;No, this isn't Hollywood, Benjamin. We make real dreams. When you go to sleep at night and you have a dream, those dreams are manufactured here.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Here?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, here. And if you stay here, your presence will throw off the balance of peace and we're not going to be able to produce dreams for very much longer.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't understand. Peace? Who is threatening to hurt you?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't expect you to know any of this,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said as he grabbed Benjamin by the shoulders. &#8220;You have to leave because if you don't, this castle and the dreams it creates might be destroyed by nightmares. You have to run. The less you know, the better. If you want to have dreams of dinosaurs again, you need to sprint as fast as you can.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin wanted to dream of dinosaurs again and immediately turned from King Bernard Zwirn and ran as fast as he could. Run for the gigantic tower, Benjamin thought to himself. It was impossible to miss the tower. As he got closer and closer to it, he noticed it had far more moving parts than he imagined. Each individual piece seemed to move independent of all of the other parts, as if it was the most complex watch ever created. He wanted to inspect the tower further but he also wanted to have more dreams so he ran through crowds to the bank of the river. As he turned left towards the yellow building, he slipped on the ground and the brass key fell from his grasp. Benjamin got to his knees and crawled five feet to it. He reached for the brass key and extended his fingers. But then, a heavy leather boot with rusty metal lining stepped on it. Benjamin tried to push the boot away but it would not budge. He looked up and saw a vile, awful face.</p>

<p>&#8220;Hello,&#8221; the evil man said with a sly tone. His voice was not human and his eyes were wildly discolored. His arms twitched and every time he exhaled, a puff of smoke left his mouth.</p>

<p>&#8220;You're standing on my key,&#8221; Benjamin exclaimed. &#8220;I have to get to the train station.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Why do you have to go so soon?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Who are you? Why are you stopping me?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm dreadfully sorry. Where were my manners?&#8221; he said as he ground his boot further and further into the ground. &#8220;My name is Russell Fox.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;How do you know my name?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Everyone here knows your name, Benjamin. You're quite the talk of the castle. Even Selma knows your name,&#8221; Russell Fox said with a smirk. &#8220;We've never had someone from outside the castle come to visit us. It's quite, how should I say, special.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Who is Selma?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh, just some girl.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I was just leaving so if you would give me that key, please.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;But why? Wouldn't you like to stay and learn more about making dreams?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;King Bernard Zwirn said I have to or else I'll throw off the balance of dreams and nightmares.&#8221;</p>

<p>Russell Fox shifted more of his weight onto the brass key.</p>

<p>&#8220;He's always saying that, you know?&#8221; Russell Fox said with a curious grin. He wore a heavy leather trench coat and a dark hat that seemed too hot for such a warm day. Benjamin tried to push his boot again but Russell Fox resisted further.</p>

<p>&#8220;You have to let me go!&#8221; Benjamin yelled at him.</p>

<p>&#8220;Don't you want to stay?&#8221; Russell Fox asked again with an uncomfortably villainous tone.</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, I do,&#8221; Benjamin said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Then, stay!&#8221; Russell Fox yelled. &#8220;I give you my permission.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;But, King Bernard Zwirn said&mdash;&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh, King Bernard Zwirn is always saying these things. He wants the castle all to himself and he doesn't want anyone to interfere. I bet he didn't show you any of the castle, did he?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, no, he didn't. But, he seemed friendly enough and he told me that I needed to get home quickly.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Of course he did. He wanted to get you out of the way so that he can make sure he can continue to manufacture dreams here. He doesn't want you to learn how they're made because that'll mean you could make your own dreams elsewhere. I think you should stay, Benjamin,&#8221; Russell Fox said.</p>

<p>&#8220;I want to leave!&#8221; Benjamin yelled. He realized he wanted to leave Russell Fox more than Castle Ehtahl, but both things felt the same at that moment. &#8220;I'm going home.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin pushed one more time on Russell Fox's foot and the boot jerked away. The brass key looked delicate despite the heavy boot upon it. Benjamin grabbed the key and jumped to his feet.</p>

<p>Yellow building, Benjamin thought to himself. He had to get to the yellow building.</p>

<p>He ran past the blue building and then past the green building. At the yellow building, there was a keyhole in the middle of a large door that appeared to be the size of the brass key that Benjamin held. Benjamin jammed the key inside and was thrilled when he noticed it fit perfectly. He used the full weight of his tiny body to move the door open. Once there was enough room for him to squeeze inside, he found himself in the most beautiful, spacious, and grand train station he had ever seen. There were people drinking coffee from balcony seats looking down on train conductors walking along the platform amid women selling flowers and men shining shoes. There was room for dozens of trains to pull into the station and the roof was high enough that it felt like it was an enclosed stadium. The outside of the yellow building did not foretell at all what Benjamin saw in the inside. He felt as if he had wandered into a time when trains were the most important technology of an era. And among these train tracks, Benjamin saw one last train at gate number sixteen.</p>

<p>He knew where he needed to go. A tall, circular light beamed from the end of the last train track. It was exactly the same color and brightness that he saw in his bedroom earlier. This was his way home. He had to jump through it.</p>

<p>Benjamin knew it was inappropriate to be sprinting as quickly as he was through such a tranquil, beautiful setting but he also felt there was no other option to reaching the train in time. He was ten tracks away when he saw the light start to flicker, nine gates away when an explosion of white nearly blinded him, eight gates away when the departure gateway began to spin in a circle slowly, seven gates away when it started to spin faster, six gates away when the train began to create loud noises, five gates away when the train started to move forward, and four gates away when the train disappeared. The departure gateway closed.</p>

<p>&#8220;No!&#8221; Benjamin heard a man scream from the entrance of the train station. &#8220;What are you doing here?&#8221; yelled King Bernard Zwirn. &#8220;You were supposed to go through that departure gateway!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I tried,&#8221; Benjamin said between large breaths. &#8220;I ran as fast as I could but it left without me.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You should have run faster,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said with an increasing amount of anxiety. &#8220;This isn't good, Benjamin. This isn't good at all.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;It won't open again?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;It'll open in one month. We have no reason to have the departure gateway open so frequently.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I tried really hard to get to the train station on time,&#8221; Benjamin started to say, becoming a little scared and sad about the situation that he now found himself in. &#8220;I didn't <i>try</i> to miss it.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;It happens,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said. &#8220;It's fine. There's nothing we can do about it now.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I was going to make it but then Russell Fox stepped on the brass ring and I couldn't get it quick enough and then he delayed me by at least two minutes.&#8221;</p>

<p>King Bernard Zwirn stood from the bench and looked even more concerned than he had just been. The dogs next to him ran away and the bird on the clock took flight. The entire station went quiet and still.</p>

<p>&#8220;What happened?&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn asked very slowly.</p>

<p>&#8220;Russell Fox stepped on the brass key,&#8221; Benjamin responded very quietly.</p>

<p>&#8220;How do you know Russell Fox? He prevented you from getting to the train station in time?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;He stood on the key.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Did he say anything else to you?&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin thought hard about this question and was worried that he was taking too long to respond. He did not know where he was and did not want to put himself in a situation where he felt in danger. He needed to quickly assess who could be his friends and protectors.</p>

<p>&#8220;He said you wanted me to leave,&#8221; Benjamin said.</p>

<p>&#8220;That's correct. I do want you to leave, for your own protection,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn responded. &#8220;Did he say anything else?&#8221;</p>

<p>The answer to these complicated questions did not come quick enough for Benjamin. He knew that King Bernard Zwirn knew that Benjamin was stalling.</p>

<p>&#8220;He said you did not want anyone else to make dreams,&#8221; Benjamin said each word while trying to observe King Bernard Zwirn's response.</p>

<p>&#8220;Russell Fox!&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn yelled into the air. &#8220;Benjamin, for the next month, you are not to talk to that man. You have to understand me. This is for your own protection. Russell Fox is not a good person these days. He was good, at one time, but those days are gone. This is a difficult time for Castle Ehtahl and I don't want you to get wrapped in the middle of it. I need you to obey my orders and I'll get you safely out of this castle in a month.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin swallowed hard and with his instincts felt that he had to trust King Bernard Zwirn more than he trusted Russell Fox. King Bernard Zwirn wanted Benjamin to leave and there was no harm in leaving. But, Russell Fox wanted Benjamin to stay and Benjamin did not know if there was harm in staying.</p>

<p>&#8220;King Zwirn, can't I take the same departure gateway that Snark used to leave my house?&#8221; Benjamin asked quietly.</p>

<p>&#8220;Sadly, it's easier to create gateways to come here than it is to create gateways to leave here,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said.</p>

<p>&#8220;So what do I do now?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, you did say that you wanted to live here.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I did! Yes!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;So, you'll join a class tomorrow morning and our best teacher will look after you.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh,&#8221; Benjamin said sullenly.</p>

<p>King Bernard Zwirn could tell that Benjamin was not excited about what he said.</p>

<p>&#8220;What's wrong, Benjamin?&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;Well,&#8221; Benjamin replied slowly. &#8220;It's just that I wanted to come here because I didn't want to go to school. And now, you're telling me that I'm going to have to go to school. I was hoping I wouldn't have to go to school at all.&#8221;</p>

<p>King Bernard Zwirn chuckled softly and put his arm around Benjamin.</p>

<p>&#8220;I see,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said. &#8220;I'm not sure what your school was like, Benjamin, but I promise you that this will be unlike any other school you have attended. Sometimes, really good people show us how to enjoy things that we wouldn't enjoy if there were really nasty people involved. So, if you trust me, I think you'll be surrounded by really good people at this school. Do you trust me?&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin paused for a moment and compared Mr. Marchetta with King Bernard Zwirn. There was almost no comparison. Benjamin trusted King Bernard Zwirn completely.</p>

<p>&#8220;OK, I'll go to the school. I trust you,&#8221; Benjamin said with a smile.</p>

</div>

</body>

</html>
