<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
   "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" />
<title>Chapter 16 Banished</title>
</head>

<body lang="EN-US" style="tab-interval:.5in">

<div>

<h1 id="chapter16" class="page-break-before"><span class="chapter-number">Chapter 16</span><br/><span class="chapter chapter-description"> Banished</span></h1>

<p class="introduction">Benjamin felt a wave of worry surge through his body like a breeze blowing through a wind tunnel. He could not leave, he thought to himself, because he did not know where he would go. He knew where he was and that, he believed, was better than not knowing where he could be. Without anyone he trusted around him, he felt isolated, alone, and vulnerable. He felt feelings he knew from school, feelings that did not make him happy, feelings from which he wanted to flee.</p>

<p>&#8220;Are you OK?&#8221; Noel Jaffin said.</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm OK,&#8221; Benjamin answered.</p>

<p>&#8220;You're pale white.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, I suppose I am.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Like <i>white</i> white.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I get it.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;It's just that I've never seen someone so white and be OK. Are you sure you're OK? You look like you've seen a ghost.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin thought about all of the ghosts he had battled in his dreams with his dinosaur friends. He was never fearful of the ghosts. He never turned pale white or <i>white</i> white or confused or worried or scared. With his friends, he had all the confidence he needed to stand up to evil. But without any friends, he had nothing.</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm going outside,&#8221; Benjamin stuttered.</p>

<p>&#8220;Yup.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yup?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh, yeah, no, sorry, I mean,&#8221; Noel said. &#8220;You'll probably be fine.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I'll probably be fine?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, what do you want me to say?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't know! Lie to me!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;It'll probably be a wonderful experience.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;A wonderful experience? Are you insane?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;It might be!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Or it might not!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, if you have those expectations&mdash;&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Noel, can't you help me?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't know what to do Benjamin. I can find Miss Lindenmeyer but you're about to be banished. There's really no time! I could&mdash;&#8221;</p>

<p>He couldn't finish his sentence because Thalia Nachamie began to shout above everyone once again. He moved his head from side to side like a bird perched on top of a tree, staring at everyone below him like they were mice in a farm field. And all Benjamin could do was try to hide behind the other mice.</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin Buckingham,&#8221; Thalia Nachamie walked to the castle doors. &#8220;You are hereby banished from this castle and you are never to return.&#8221;</p>

<p>Thalia Nachamie emphasized what he said by thrusting his clenched fist forward and spitting after every word. Benjamin felt like he was being verbally and physically attacked. He could not imagine how he could escape.</p>

<p>&#8220;Do you understand me?&#8221; Thalia Nachamie stared deep inside Benjamin's eyes.</p>

<p>Benjamin nodded meekly. He wanted it to stop. He wanted to wake up in his bed and for all of this to end peacefully. He wanted to be rescued. He wanted Snark.</p>

<p>&#8220;You shall never return!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;OK.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You shall not be welcome back.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;OK.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You shall live forever with nightmares.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Nightmares?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Leave! Now!&#8221;</p>

<p>Thalia Nachamie turned to the guards standing behind him. Joel and Cole turned a steel wheel as quickly as their short bodies could turn something much larger than they. The wheel was nearly double their size and as one of the guards pulled, another was lifted up into the air.</p>

<p>Joel and Cole opened the door nearly halfway when Thalia Nachamie motioned for them to stop. The guards were dripping in sweat and breathing like dogs that had chased tennis balls for hours. Thalia Nachamie had decided that there was enough room for Benjamin to exit.</p>

<p>Then, all of the people in the plaza turned their heads and stared at Benjamin like sunflowers looking toward the sun. He had never had such attention in his life as he had at that moment. He was the most popular person in the castle and he felt like he was the least liked.</p>

<p>&#8220;Be gone with you!&#8221; Thalia Nachamie yelled as he pushed Benjamin through the door. &#8220;Don't ever come back!&#8221;</p>

<p>Behind him, the guards trampled on top of each other to close the door. Benjamin listened to the straining metal as it whined in pain. When it was finally closed, it let out a short thud.</p>

<p>And then, Benjamin heard applause and cheering that sounded as loud as the noises he heard when that dragon was captured. The plaza of people erupted in happiness and excitement at the expense of Benjamin's feelings. This hurt his heart. He did not want to be hated. No one wanted to be hated. But Benjamin especially did not want to be hated.</p>

<p>Maybe Noel was right, he thought. But as he looked at the area outside the castle, he did not know where to go. It was not as bright and lovely and beautiful as he had hoped. Instead, it was a desert as empty as a school in the middle of summer.</p>

<p>There wasn't a living plant as far as Benjamin could see. There was no water and no sign of any animals. There was just dirt and cracks and the sound of the sun baking the earth.</p>

<p>Benjamin was left to himself and his thoughts.</p>

<p>&#8220;Incoming!&#8221; Benjamin heard a familiar male voice yell from behind the walls.</p>

<p>Benjamin turned and watched something in the sky heading in his direction. When it hit the ground, he saw it was a backpack. He ran over to it and opened it up to find bottles of water. What would he do with so many arrows, he thought.</p>

<p>&#8220;Again!&#8221; Benjamin heard the same male voice yell.</p>

<p>In the sky, another object headed straight for Benjamin. He ducked away as quickly as he could. This object, he realized, was a book entitled <i>A Guide To Plants Outside The Castle Not That You'll Ever Need This Because Everyone Stays In The Castle But If You Do Here's A Book For That, I Guess</i>.</p>

<p>Benjamin chuckled.</p>

<p>And with that, he was on his own. He turned and walked into the desert as alone as a person could be. He took five steps and readied himself for whatever awaited him.</p>

<p>&#8220;Thanks, Noel,&#8221; he whispered.</p>

</div>

</body>

</html>
