<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
   "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" />
<title>Chapter 14 Hope</title>
</head>

<body lang="EN-US" style="tab-interval:.5in">

<div>

<h1 id="chapter14" class="page-break-before"><span class="chapter-number">Chapter 14</span><br/><span class="chapter chapter-description"> Hope</span></h1>

<p class="introduction">Benjamin feared for his safety. He walked around aimlessly thinking about what he could do. He needed to find out who was trying to hurt him. He needed to figure out what happened to King Bernard Zwirn. He needed to know why Rodney Cohen and Miss Lindenmeyer believed he had a gift. And, he needed to know why Selma was so jealous of him.</p>

<p>&#8220;Why are you walking back and forth like that?&#8221; Benjamin heard the familiar voice of Selma shouting from down the hallway. He was so lost in his thoughts that he completely ignored her voice. There was too much to think about. &#8220;I said, where are you going?&#8221; she shouted again.</p>

<p>Selma walked to Benjamin and stood in his path. But, Benjamin didn't stop. He continued to pace back and forth. It was like there was nothing else around him.</p>

<p>&#8220;Are you deaf?&#8221; she said. &#8220;I asked why you are walking back and forth.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm trying to figure out what to do,&#8221; Benjamin declared. He turned and continued to walk past her.</p>

<p>Selma followed his pacing and laughed lightly to herself as she did so.</p>

<p>&#8220;And what exactly are you trying to figure out?&#8221; she asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;I haven't figured it out,&#8221; Benjamin said honestly. &#8220;I need to know who is trying to get me.&#8221;</p>

<p>Selma laughed again.</p>

<p>&#8220;I need to know where King Bernard Zwirn is.&#8221;</p>

<p>Selma nodded her head with approval.</p>

<p>&#8220;I need to know why I have a gift.&#8221;</p>

<p>Selma let out a disgusted expression of disapproval. At that moment, Benjamin stopped.</p>

<p>&#8220;And, I need to know why you're jealous of me.&#8221;</p>

<p>Selma stopped walking after him and she let out a loud gasp. He noticed that she was not happy with his observation.</p>

<p>&#8220;I am not jealous of you.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You definitely are.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I am most certainly not!&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin could see that Selma was becoming uncomfortable. She laughed like she was trying to conceal her discomfort. Benjamin tried to change the subject.</p>

<p>&#8220;In any case, it's just one of many things I have to figure out.&#8221;</p>

<p>Selma would not let him change the subject so easily.</p>

<p>&#8220;Wait a second! I am not jealous of you, Benjamin.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;OK,&#8221; Benjamin said as he walked past her.</p>

<p>&#8220;Why would you think I would be jealous of you?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Like I said, I don't know. I've got to figure that out.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;But there's nothing to figure out. I'm not jealous of you!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You might be right.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I am definitely right.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;But what if you're wrong?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;How can I be wrong? I just told you I'm not jealous of you!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You could be lying to me.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;This is a ridiculous conversation. I am not jealous of anyone!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You're probably right. But, I still need to know why you were upset that I was using the machines.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;There's nothing to figure out! There's nothing there, Benjamin.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I mean, it's not the top thing on my list. I've got to figure out who might want to hurt me. That's definitely the top thing on my list.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;So you wouldn't care if I was jealous of you then?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;But, you aren't. You said so.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Right, but if I was?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, I still would rather know who is trying to kill me before I figured out why you're so jealous.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm not jealous!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;So, we're on the same page.&#8221;</p>

<p>Selma stumped on the ground and let out a loud, long sigh. She flung her arms in the air, spun around in place, and then marched away from Benjamin. Benjamin watched her walk down the hallway. At the very end, she turned to look at him and let out another loud, long sigh of frustration. Benjamin didn't understand why she acted the way she did.</p>

<p>After Benjamin was done pacing for the day, he went outside to try to find Rodney Cohen. He needed to ask Rodney if the dinosaurs could help him find King Bernard Zwirn. As he walked around the castle, people brushed by him from every direction as they walked about their day. Some walked to the production studios, some walked to the market, and some walked to the restaurants and bakeries that had opened only an hour earlier. It was a little chillier than usual that morning but it had been colder in general since King Bernard Zwirn's disappearance.</p>

<p>He marched forward to the gate on the other side of the town that led to somewhere else. He walked past the school, past the dream machine, and past the train station. And as he passed the train station, he closed his eyes as he realized that the building looked no different than any of the other production studios. As he wondered why the train station looked similar to all of the other production studios, a hand grabbed his shoulder.</p>

<p>&#8220;So,&#8221; Ryan Wazen said without pausing for a second. &#8220;Could you fly?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Could I fly?&#8221; Benjamin asked. He was confused why Ryan Wazen was being a little more aggressive than usual. &#8220;No, I couldn't fly,&#8221; he lied. &#8220;Flying is impossible.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Of course,&#8221; Ryan said. &#8220;Flying is impossible but that doesn't answer my question.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;It's a silly question.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;No, it's not. Could you fly?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Of course I couldn't fly,&#8221; Benjamin lied for the second time. &#8220;No one can fly.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;People can fly but if you can't, I guess that's a shame. Miss Lindenmeyer was wrong about that kind of stuff before. Don't take it too hard, kid.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;What do you mean by <i>before</i>?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;About kids that she thinks can fly. They usually can't. Some of them could, I was told. But, we never saw them again.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Where do they go?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Wouldn't you like to know,&#8221; Ryan said as he started to walk backwards from Benjamin. &#8220;You don't have to worry about it because you can't fly. Don't ask questions you don't want to know the answer to. That's what my dad always told me.&#8221;</p>

<p>Ryan ran off and Benjamin tried to follow him but he was too fast. Benjamin did not have a good feeling about Ryan. There was something that he didn't know about him. Ryan had a secret, Benjamin thought.</p>

<p>Benjamin stared at the castle walls for a period of time and wondered what was on the other side. He wondered if there were answers to where King Bernard Zwirn was outside the walls. He walked to a gate, deciding that he needed more information. Guarding the gate were two men who looked identical to Noel Jaffin. They both had the same box-shaped figure and short stature. Benjamin thought that if they did not let him pass, he might be able to quite easily topple them over.</p>

<p>&#8220;Stop!&#8221; the guards yelled in unison. &#8220;You shall not pass!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;What?&#8221; Benjamin asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;If you pass&mdash;&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I heard what you said,&#8221; Benjamin responded. &#8220;I didn't quite expect you to say that. I'm leaving, Noel, so I would appreciate if you would open the gate.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Who is Noel?&#8221; asked one of the guards as he stamped his wooden pole into the ground.</p>

<p>&#8220;Are you Noel?&#8221; the other guard asked the previous one.</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm not Noel. I'm Joel. Are you Noel?&#8221; Joel asked the other guard.</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm not Noel. I'm Cole. Haven't we met?&#8221; Cole asked Joel.</p>

<p>&#8220;I guess not.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;We stand here every day and we've never introduced ourselves.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;It's nice to meet you,&#8221; Joel said to Cole.</p>

<p>&#8220;Same!&#8221; Cole said he shook Joel's hand.</p>

<p>&#8220;But you shall not pass unless you are gas!&#8221; Joel and Cole yelled at Benjamin in unison.</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't think you realize what you're saying,&#8221; Benjamin said as he tried not to giggle.</p>

<p>&#8220;The only way you're getting through us is if you're gas,&#8221; Joel said sternly.</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, I know but you're saying&mdash;&#8221; Benjamin began.</p>

<p>&#8220;You shall only pass if you're gas,&#8221; Cole repeated.</p>

<p>&#8220;OK, I need to leave,&#8221; Benjamin said.</p>

<p>&#8220;No!&#8221; they yelled back in unison. &#8220;No one leaves!&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin thought about this statement for a moment. Did he mean anything to anyone in the castle? Was he someone? Or, was he no one? He wasn't sure.</p>

<p>&#8220;I am <i>no one</i>. Can I leave?&#8221;</p>

<p>Cole and Joel looked at each other with a puzzled expression. They looked as if they were pondering something their brains were not capable of understanding.</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, this is interesting,&#8221; Cole said to Joel.</p>

<p>&#8220;Interesting indeed,&#8221; Joel said to Cole.</p>

<p>&#8220;Could this be the <i>no one</i> that is allowed to leave?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;It's quite possible that if<i> no one</i> is allowed to leave and this child before us is <i>no one</i>, he could leave.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;That seems right to me as well but how do we know that he is <i>no one</i>?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;He just said he was <i>no one</i>.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Ah, right. But would <i>no one</i> lie?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Good point, Joel! <i>No one</i> tells the truth all the time.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;So then, <i>no one</i> is a liar.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;This child is <i>no one</i> the liar.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;<i>No one</i>, you shall not pass!&#8221; they yelled in unison.</p>

<p>&#8220;Is there another gate?&#8221; Benjamin asked. He did not want to have to deal with Joel and Cole any longer. He was getting a headache.</p>

<p>&#8220;Of course, there are four more,&#8221; Cole said as he stamped his wooden pole back into the ground.</p>

<p>&#8220;There are four more!&#8221; Joel said with surprise.</p>

<p>&#8220;I really think we need a better onboarding process,&#8221; Cole said. &#8220;I don't know who guards those gates.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Me neither!&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin walked along the walls at a quick speed to find another gate. He did not want to have to deal with Joel or Cole if he could find another exit.</p>

<p>&#8220;Good luck, <i>no one</i>,&#8221; Cole cried out after Benjamin.</p>

<p>Benjamin walked between the castle walls and the back of small houses and production studios. It was a narrow alley that felt neglected compared to the rest of the clean town. It was muddy and there were bits of garbage tossed throughout. It made sense, he thought, because no one walked along this path. As Benjamin walked further, he wondered if the only people who would traverse this disgusting, claustrophobic path were the guards who tended the gate.</p>

<p>He had been walking for a good period of time and did not yet see another gate. The curved walls of the castle made him think the he might walk a full circle to see Joel and Cole again.</p>

<p>His left foot stepped into wet mud and sunk into the ground. He quickly moved his right foot to a rock and tried to pull his other foot forward. It was gross and Benjamin knew that he would have to throw his shoes away after this was all done. It made a loud squishy noise like the sound he made when he tried to vacuum the water out of the bathtub when he was six.</p>

<p>It started to make him laugh.</p>

<p>And, he would have continued to laugh except that he heard another familiar voice.</p>

<p>&#8220;But, what if I don't want to,&#8221; Benjamin heard Ryan Eden say. &#8220;I'm not as good as the others.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;It doesn't matter if you're stronger or better than the others,&#8221; Benjamin heard Thalia Nachamie say. &#8220;You are my son and you will follow in my footsteps. No other person or child is going to get in your or my way. Do you understand?&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin crouched as low as he could to the mud as he realized the noise was coming from the house immediately to his left.</p>

<p>&#8220;I understand, father. I'll follow in your footsteps.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I've already paved the path for you. Selma has been taken care of. She'll be seeing King Bernard Zwirn, shortly. You won't be seeing him again and there is no chance that he'll get in our way,&#8221; Thalia Nachamie said.</p>

<p>Benjamin's heart sank as he wondered what had happened to Selma. He had just seen her. He no longer wanted to leave the castle. He needed to find her.</p>

<p>&#8220;What about Selma?&#8221; Ryan Eden asked his father.</p>

<p>&#8220;You won't have to worry about Selma,&#8221; Thalia Nachamie said. &#8220;Soon, I'll be king. And then, you'll be king. This is a glorious time for us.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;It is, father,&#8221; Ryan Eden said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Now, run along,&#8221; Thalia Nachamie said. &#8220;I need to have a meeting with our leader.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Is he ready to invade?&#8221; Ryan Eden said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes,&#8221; Thalia Nachamie said. &#8220;All of our plans are working perfectly.&#8221;</p>

<p>An invasion? Benjamin started to panic. He kept his little body as close to the wet, sticky mud as possible so that he could avoid being seen. His hands felt clammy. His breathing became heavy. He need to find Selma. Ryan Eden shut the door as he left the room and Benjamin wanted to run away. But if he did so, Thalia Nachamie would see him. He needed a distraction so that he could escape and get help. He needed to tell Selma that an invasion was coming.</p>

<p>But suddenly, the sky turned as black as night. Tornado winds blew Benjamin against a wall. Dust and dirt filled the air as something massive smashed to the ground. Benjamin couldn't see and for a moment, he couldn't hear. The explosion was so loud that his ears rang for minutes. The moment reminded him of what he saw from the classroom window when day turned into night. Something evil had arrived.</p>

<p>&#8220;Thalia!&#8221; a loud voice echoed from within the room where Thalia Nachamie and Ryan Eden had been talking. &#8220;Have you executed my orders?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, Aloysius,&#8221; Thalia Nachamie said. &#8220;I'm ready for your invasion.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Great,&#8221; the menacing voice said. &#8220;Do not let me down this time. Do you understand me?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, master,&#8221; Thalia Nachamie said. &#8220;I won't let you down.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Have you taken care of the children?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Don't worry,&#8221; Thalia Nachamie said. &#8220;It's all taken care of.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;If you mess this up, Thalia, you won't be given another chance.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I understand, master. Thank you for giving me another chance. I'll make sure you control the castle this time.&#8221;</p>

<p>Another explosion made Benjamin's ears ring and dust flew back into the air. Within seconds, daylight had been restored. Aloysius had left. Benjamin sat with his back against the wall and slowed his breathing to try to stay calm. It was hard. He never felt so scared in his life. He listened to Thalia Nachamie slam a door shut. And without waiting another moment, Benjamin sprinted along his escape route. The castle walls moved so quickly that he wondered if he could run this fast forever. He wanted to find help. He wanted to find safety. He wanted to be as far away from Thalia Nachamie as possible. But as he ran faster, he then ran straight through someone. The collision felt like the collision he had when he was younger and accidentally ran into the basketball pole at home.</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin! I'm so glad I found you. I thought you were lost,&#8221; Noel Jaffin yelled at Benjamin.</p>

<p>&#8220;Noel, is that you?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin! What is wrong with you?&#8221;</p>

<p>Noel had been knocked over like a beanbag chair thrown down a staircase.</p>

<p>&#8220;Noel, is that really you?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, Benjamin. It is I, Noel. Who else would it be?&#8221; Noel said. &#8220;Now, would you mind telling me why you ran me over?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Noel, Selma! Where is she?&#8221;</p>

<p>Noel's expression changed and he looked from side to side quickly. He lowered his tone.</p>

<p>&#8220;We can't talk about that here, Benjamin,&#8221; Noel said. &#8220;She's missing.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Missing!&#8221; Benjamin yelled.</p>

<p>&#8220;It's not good,&#8221; Noel said as he lowered his head.</p>

<p>Benjamin's heart sank.</p>

<p>&#8220;How? Where?&#8221; Benjamin yelled.</p>

<p>&#8220;Quiet! Quiet!&#8221; Noel whispered. &#8220;Yes, you're in a lot of danger. It's good I ran into you. I wish you didn't run into me. But, I need you to wait here. I parked my car on the other side of the market. I'll be right here in five minutes. Do not move a muscle, OK?&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin nodded as he looked at the hundreds of people moving throughout the marketplace. Noel disappeared into the crowd and Benjamin decided that he could trust the guard. He couldn't leave just yet, he thought. He needed to make sure he was going to be safe.</p>

<p>As Benjamin waited, he scanned the people in the marketplace and recognized a face. Benjamin retreated into the shadow so that he could not be seen. It was Russell Fox.</p>

<p>Russell Fox was walking very suspiciously. He was wearing a long dark jacket and had both his hands in his pocket as he moved from market shop to market shop. Benjamin watched him very carefully because he knew Russell Fox was trouble. As Russell Fox turned in place, Benjamin got a glimpse of something metal that Russell Fox held in his right hand. And then, the evil man walked to a stand covered in oranges and stood there for a few minutes. Something was very wrong, Benjamin thought. Russell Fox then stuck his right hand in the middle of the oranges and walked away quickly, in the opposite direction of Benjamin. And as he walked away, Benjamin noticed the metal piece was no longer in his pocket.</p>

<p>As soon as Russell Fox faded into the crowded, Benjamin moved quickly through the crowd to the gigantic stack of oranges. He put his hand into the oranges as the shopkeeper stared at him with an annoyed expression. Benjamin tried to be calm about it. He tried to find the place where Russell Fox placed his hand.</p>

<p>Then, he felt something metal.</p>

<p>He grabbed it and waited for the shopkeeper to be distracted by another customer. Benjamin removed it quickly and put it in his pocket.</p>

<p>He knew exactly what it was.</p>

</div>

</body>

</html>
