<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
   "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" />
<title>Chapter 13 Dreams</title>
</head>

<body lang="EN-US" style="tab-interval:.5in">

<div>

<h1 id="chapter13" class="page-break-before"><span class="chapter-number">Chapter 13</span><br/><span class="chapter chapter-description"> Dreams</span></h1>

<p class="introduction">Ryan Eden and Steven Wazen waited for Benjamin to wake up in the dormitory before they began firing questions at him. They had been waiting for about thirty minutes, watching Benjamin sleep. Little did they know, however, that Benjamin was doing his best to sleep as long as he could. He realized that being awake was only causing him trouble and that sleeping would allow him to pass time more quickly. Ryan and Steven grew tired of waiting any further. They grabbed Benjamin's bed and began rocking it from side to side.</p>

<p>Benjamin could not sleep through what was essentially a simulation of an awful boat ride. His eyes flew open and his body shifted forward as he signaled that he had had enough. But Ryan Eden and Steven Wazen had not noticed because they became more occupied with shaking the bed than waking up Benjamin.</p>

<p>&#8220;What are you guys doing?&#8221; Benjamin asked as he rubbed his eyes.</p>

<p>&#8220;You have to wake up,&#8221; Ryan Eden said.</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't have to wake up,&#8221; Benjamin replied. &#8220;There's no school today.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, you were going to have to wake up at some point,&#8221; Steven Wazen added with a snicker. &#8220;And besides, we've got some questions we want answers to.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Everyone has questions for me,&#8221; Benjamin said as he found clothing to change into. &#8220;I don't want to answer any more questions.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin walked across the dormitory as Steven Wazen and Ryan Eden followed like two snakes stalking a prey. Benjamin felt unease about their presence because they obviously had questions that he did not want to answer. And even though he could not stand up to Russell Fox or Thalia Nachamie, he also knew he could not stand up to Steven Wazen or Ryan Eden.</p>

<p>&#8220;Just one question, then,&#8221; Steven Wazen continued, unconcerned with Benjamin's request for silence. &#8220;Why is it that you want to be friends with dinosaurs?&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin paused because that question was more unexpected than all of the questions that raced through his mind. But he wondered what Steven Wazen was getting at because Ryan Eden laughed uncontrollably behind him. He could answer this question, he decided, because he was not scared of what he would say.</p>

<p>&#8220;We go on adventures together,&#8221; Benjamin said. &#8220;They are my friends.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;But, they're in your dreams,&#8221; Steven Wazen said. &#8220;They aren't real.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I know they're in my dreams,&#8221; Benjamin replied. &#8220;And, I know they aren't real. But that doesn't stop me from dreaming.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Right,&#8221; Steven Wazen said quickly. &#8220;We all know the story of how you got here. But you don't realize that you didn't see a dinosaur. You saw Rodney Cohen.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I know Rodney,&#8221; Benjamin said quickly. &#8220;Miss Lindenmeyer introduced me and Rodney's been showing me what dreams he acts in.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh, Benjamin. You don't know how much trouble you're in. Do you? You can't be that dumb?&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin paused for a moment because he knew from his experience dealing with Howard Horne that there was no good answer to that question. If he responded that he was not dumb, he would not further his own cause. But if he responded that he knew the danger he was in, he would be lying. He wanted to know why he was in danger. He didn't understand but Steven Wazen was certainly not going to explain it to him. And so, Benjamin turned around in hopes that the question and the two boys would disappear.</p>

<p>&#8220;Gentleman,&#8221; Noel Jaffin said as he entered the dormitory wearing less armor than before. Noel cleared his throat several times as if there was something lodged between his pumpkin body and his bowling ball head. &#8220;Benjamin, follow me.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Where are you taking him?&#8221; Ryan Eden asked as he walked to Noel Jaffin.</p>

<p>&#8220;That's none of your business, Ryan,&#8221; Noel said despite being nearly a foot shorter than the boy. &#8220;Benjamin, you are to follow me at once. Let's go.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You're always escorting him. You're never escorting any of the other kids. It's not fair.&#8221;</p>

<p>Noel shook his head in annoyance at Ryan Eden. Benjamin smiled inwardly as he passed the two boys and although he was not thrilled to see Noel Jaffin, he was thrilled to leave the dormitory. Whenever Noel Jaffin appeared, Benjamin knew that something had happened that was not very good. It was as if Noel Jaffin's arrival was a message alone that trouble was near.</p>

<p>&#8220;Where are we going?&#8221; Benjamin asked Noel Jaffin.</p>

<p>&#8220;We,&#8221; Noel Jaffin stated as he tried to lengthen his walking distance to match that of Benjamin's, &#8220;are not going anywhere. I am going home to watch the Naidefur games.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;The what?&#8221; Benjamin asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;No time to explain. You are going to meet Miss Lindenmeyer and Rodney Cohen.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;But, there's no school today,&#8221; Benjamin protested.</p>

<p>&#8220;You are a smart one,&#8221; Noel Jaffin said sarcastically. &#8220;But danger doesn't rest on the weekends and you've got a date with a lovely woman and, um, well, a dude.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Fine, fine,&#8221; Benjamin said because he did not want to hear any more.</p>

<p>Noel Jaffin escorted Benjamin through a series of buildings and hallways that Benjamin had become more accustomed to seeing. He knew that the guard was taking him to a production studio.</p>

<p>&#8220;Noel, how do nightmares get in here?&#8221; Benjamin asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh I don't know,&#8221; Noel Jaffin grumbled through his mustache. &#8220;I suppose they come in here a lot like you came in here.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin thought about that answer for a second because only at that moment did he realize why he was confused earlier as a nightmare. If nightmares entered the way he entered, of course everyone would assume that he was one. It made sense.</p>

<p>Noel reached his arm above his head and turned a doorknob. It was studio two thousand and two.</p>

<p>&#8220;In you go,&#8221; Noel Jaffin said as he began to shuffle Benjamin forward.</p>

<p>&#8220;Wait, Noel,&#8221; Benjamin said. &#8220;Aren't you going in too?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Over here!&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer yelled from the far side of the production studio. &#8220;Come over here.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;And, away we go,&#8221; Rodney Cohen shouted as he turned on a flying machine and soared into the air. &#8220;I never get tired of this!&#8221;</p>

<p>He moved every which direction as Miss Lindenmeyer used another machine to create clouds. Miss Lindenmeyer then turned on a fan, which blew the clouds in the air so that Rodney could fly between them. Miss Lindenmeyer and Rodney were both laughing and Benjamin thought that it did look like fun.</p>

<p>&#8220;Is this all fake?&#8221; Benjamin asked them.</p>

<p>&#8220;What?&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer asked. &#8220;What do you mean?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Is this all fake? Are dreams not real?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, Benjamin, I think you're in a state where you can answer that question as best as I can. What do you think?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't know anymore,&#8221; Benjamin said distantly. &#8220;Well, that's not true. I'm pretty sure this is all fake.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;So, if it's all fake, why don't you just go home?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't know how! King Bernard Zwirn has the key.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;It can't be all fake, right? We dream for a reason. We don't dream fake dreams. The dreams are real.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin thought that perhaps Miss Lindenmeyer had a point. If it was all fake, then dreaming would be pointless. And, he liked dreaming.</p>

<p>Rodney landed the flying machine next to Benjamin and then promptly brushed off the dust from his jacket. Even though he looked nothing like Snark, there were some characteristics that Benjamin saw in both of these creatures. Rodney was actually adventurous.</p>

<p>&#8220;It's been decades since I've used any of these old machines,&#8221; Rodney said. &#8220;I've been using newer models lately. It's fun to go back into time and try an old one again. These things have character, you know? They, um, don't work as well as the, uh, new ones. But they still work!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer began. &#8220;We asked Noel to bring you here because we want to show you how to use more of these devices. Rodney wants to see if you can fly again.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You want me to fly?&#8221; Benjamin asked with concern. &#8220;I promise you that I don't know how to fly.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Sure,&#8221; Rodney said. &#8220;And, I can't either. Fly, that is. But perhaps under the right circumstances, you might be able to do something else.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;With one of these machines?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, with one of these machines. You don't have to start with the flying engine. You could try any of them.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;This one,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer said, &#8220;is made for surfing a gigantic wave. You won't get wet at all but you'll be able to surf with ease.&#8221;</p>

<p>The machine looked like a metal basket sewn together with copper, steel, and iron. Orange lights lined the outside and blinked in a fluid dance. It looked mechanical yet organic and heavy yet light. Like all the other machines that sat next to it, it looked like someone had spent years piecing each individual component together.</p>

<p>&#8220;Hop on!&#8221; Rodney said with youthful enthusiasm.</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't know,&#8221; Benjamin said. &#8220;I'm not sure I'm ready to use these machines.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh, nonsense,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer said. &#8220;Once you start it up, you don't have to do anything. You just enjoy the ride.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin looked at the machine and wondered if it would hurt him or guide him. Rodney nudged Benjamin from behind but Benjamin did not move. Miss Lindenmeyer budged him and he still held his ground. He did not want to get involved with these machines. He didn't want to sit on something that looked like a torture device.</p>

<p>But when both Rodney and Miss Lindenmeyer pushed Benjamin together, he fell forward into the arms of metal and lights. The machine enveloped him like a mechanical kangaroo would hold its baby. Without asking Benjamin, Rodney pushed hard on the ignition switch and Benjamin moved to an area of the production studio where the floor was beginning to separate down the middle. As the divide grew larger, waves of water passed across the floor. It was not, however, ideal for a boy who was pretty much scared of everything.</p>

<p>The machine touched down on the water and Benjamin could not believe what was happening. He was surfing, albeit with a lot of help. But, he was actually surfing. This was something he did not imagine was possible. And more than that, he was having fun.</p>

<p>He surfed for what felt like hours and then Miss Lindenmeyer told him to turn the machine off. It guided him back to Rodney and Miss Lindenmeyer who had their hands crossed and their smiles strewn from ear to ear. They looked as happy as Benjamin looked.</p>

<p>&#8220;Can I try another?&#8221; Benjamin asked with curiosity.</p>

<p>&#8220;Sure!&#8221; Rodney said. &#8220;That one will let you float in the air.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin ran to the machine that looked like a large mechanical crow with thousands of pieces. He turned it on and then started to float throughout the room. Miss Lindenmeyer sent clouds into the air and Benjamin felt like he was experiencing something much more enjoyable than dreams. He felt like he was experiencing something magical.</p>

<p>&#8220;What is he doing up there!&#8221; Selma Applebaum yelled from the entrance of the production studio.</p>

<p>She stamped her feet as she walked to Miss Lindenmeyer. Behind her, Ryan Eden and Steven Wazen marched with their arms folded and their eyes squinted. Benjamin fell from the sky upon seeing them and landed on a soft padding.</p>

<p>&#8220;What are you three doing here?&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;I want to know why he is allowed to use these machines and I am not,&#8221; Selma protested.</p>

<p>&#8220;Selma, this is none of your business,&#8221; Rodney said. &#8220;You need to leave immediately.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;We told you Benjamin was being trained to be the top student in the class,&#8221; Ryan Eden said from behind Selma.</p>

<p>&#8220;They don't want you to be the best anymore,&#8221; Steven Wazen said to Selma Applebaum.</p>

<p>Benjamin did not know what to say because he did not know if that was Miss Lindenmeyer's intentions. He saw Rodney roll his eyes and then walk back to the machines. Selma must have seen him roll his eyes as well.</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh stop it, Rodney,&#8221; Selma said.</p>

<p>Benjamin looked at her and wondered how she knew Rodney. It was impossible to know everyone in the castle.</p>

<p>&#8220;You always get so jealous,&#8221; Rodney said. &#8220;If dad was still around, you wouldn't barge in like that. What's your problem with Benjamin?&#8221;</p>

<p>Selma didn't say anything. Tears swelled in her eyes. She turned around quickly and ran from the production studio. Ryan Eden and Steven Wazen did not waste any time and chased after her. Rodney and Miss Lindenmeyer simply sighed and gave expressions of disappointment.</p>

<p>&#8220;You're Selma's brother?&#8221; Benjamin asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;Not by choice!&#8221; Rodney replied.</p>

<p>&#8220;Is it a choice?&#8221; Benjamin questioned.</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, uh, no, but, um, I'm a lot older than she is and we don't always get along. She gets so jealous. She just wants to be the best and hates when someone else might be better than her,&#8221; Rodney explained.</p>

<p>&#8220;She's jealous of me?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yep! Listen, Benjamin,&#8221; Rodney said as he crouched down. &#8220;I'm really sorry about you learning about Snark and the dinosaurs. It was never my intention that you see me this way. I mean, look at me. I don't look courageous, confident, or brave. That's Snark. Snark is courageous, confident, and brave. I'm lanky, awkward, and different. So, I apologize and I need to help you out. It's probably the only thing I'll be able to do. And I'm not sure I can help you out other than to tell you that if you're to save yourself, you've got to dream. Actually, to save all of us, you've got to dream. Benjamin, you've got a gift.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;A gift?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, a gift.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;But anyone can use these machines,&#8221; Benjamin said as he looked at the thousands of machines spread across the floor.</p>

<p>&#8220;That's correct,&#8221; Rodney said. &#8220;But, you are the only person we know who is able to use these machines while they are turned off.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;But, I turned them on before I used them.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Nope,&#8221; Rodney said. &#8220;Every one of them was turned off. You can somehow fly on your own, surf on your own, and do whatever on your own. I don't know how you can do it. But, man, Benjamin, if someone finds you, you're going to be in so much trouble.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Who? Who is going to find me?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;The person who broke the dream machine.&#8221;</p>

</div>

</body>

</html>
