<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
   "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" />
<title>Chapter 7 Selma</title>
</head>

<body lang="EN-US" style="tab-interval:.5in">

<div>

<h1 id="chapter07" class="page-break-before"><span class="chapter-number">Chapter 7</span><br/><span class="chapter chapter-description"> Selma</span></h1>

<p class="introduction">The lights flickered on and the door at the end of the room opened, revealing a tall, skinny woman who looked much more refreshed than Benjamin felt. It was his teacher, Miss Lindenmeyer. She had light brown hair and blue eyes slightly hidden by yellow glasses. Her hair lay on her shoulders and she wore light colored clothing like whites and off-whites and <i>off</i> off-whites. And as she spoke, Benjamin understood why King Bernard Zwirn said that she was the nicest person in Castle Ehtahl.</p>

<p>&#8220;OK, time to wake up,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer said to all of the boys in the room. She then left, closed the door halfway, and walked to the other end of the hallway. Benjamin could hear the soft pattering of her shoes hitting the wooden floor as she headed for the girls' room.</p>

<p>&#8220;OK, time to wake up,&#8221; he heard Miss Lindenmeyer say to another group of students.</p>

<p>Benjamin was already awake because he barely slept. It was uncomfortable being in a new place with new people and he did not like that he did not have the privacy of his own bedroom. When he thought about the adventures that he was about to embark upon, he did not imagine that in some cases, the circumstances would be less awesome than his circumstances at home. He had his own bedroom at home, after all. Here, ten other students slept in one room.</p>

<p>The boys stood, yawned, rubbed their eyes, and did the various other body movements that creatures do in the first minutes of the beginning of a new day. Everyone looked similar to his classmates from home. People must not be that different, Benjamin thought to himself.</p>

<p>&#8220;Move,&#8221; the boy on the bed next to Benjamin said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Hi, I'm Benjamin,&#8221; Benjamin replied, trying to make his first friend.</p>

<p>&#8220;You're on my shirt. Move,&#8221; the boy said as Benjamin realized that he was standing on a shirt that the boy wanted to wear.</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh, sorry,&#8221; Benjamin said as he moved his foot. He had obviously made it dirty and was not thrilled about having unsuccessfully made a new friend.</p>

<p>&#8220;Who are you?&#8221; the boy asked as he rubbed his eyes.</p>

<p>&#8220;My name's Benjamin. What's your name?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Ralph,&#8221; the boy answered as he stood and walked to the exit. &#8220;But, I've never seen you before. You're the Benjamin everyone's talking about?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I guess so. I'm new. I was supposed to leave yesterday but I missed it.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;So, you're in our class now?&#8221; Ralph asked with a confused face.</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, I guess so.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Weird. So, where are you really from?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Boys! Let's go,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer said as she entered the door again. Benjamin was glad that she interrupted their brief, tense conversation because he was not sure how to answer the question.</p>

<p>As each of the boys walked past Miss Lindenmeyer, she checked their name with a pencil on a paper attached to a clipboard. The boys walked through and Miss Lindenmeyer said hello to each one of them. She saw that Benjamin was still in the room and that he was having a little trouble tying his shoes.</p>

<p>&#8220;It's not so bad, once you do it a thousand times,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer said as she walked towards him. &#8220;You must be Benjamin.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Hi, I'm Benjamin,&#8221; Benjamin said awkwardly. He was still trying his best to make a good first impression with everyone.</p>

<p>&#8220;King Bernard Zwirn told me all about you. My name is Miss Lindenmeyer and I'll be your teacher for the next month,&#8221; she said so softly and warmly that Benjamin immediately knew that if no one else, he could trust her.</p>

<p>&#8220;I didn't mean to miss the gateway,&#8221; Benjamin offered, as he did not want to be seen as irresponsible.</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh, it's fine,&#8221; she said as she escorted Benjamin through the exit. &#8220;Our departure schedule is goofy anyways. So, King Bernard Zwirn tells me that you're in the fifth grade. Is that correct?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, I'm in fifth grade. My teacher is Mr. Marchetta but he isn't very good.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh no?&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer said with more curiosity than Benjamin expected. &#8220;What don't you like about the way he teaches?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;He doesn't really pay attention to what the kids do in the classroom. I don't think he can see, to be honest. He looks like he's staring far off into the distance.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, every teacher has a different teaching style,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer said as she positioned Benjamin at the end of a line. There were about twenty students his age ahead of him. &#8220;I think you're going to find that my teaching style is a little different than other teachers you may have had. You'll be fine and if you have any questions or if you get nervous about anything, let me know and I'll help you.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin felt more relieved that his teacher was so much nicer than Mr. Marchetta. Miss Lindenmeyer already knew Benjamin's name and made him feel so calm that he began to think he might actually enjoy going to school here.</p>

<p>The students walked forward in a single line and Benjamin saw that they were all dressed in the same uniform. The boys had similar haircuts and the girls wore their hair in a similar style. The line itself alternated boy and girl, which Benjamin found amusing because his school was not as organized as this school.</p>

<p>As he walked forward, the girl in front of him turned and gave Benjamin a confused look. He expected to receive these types of expressions on the first day. He received peculiar looks all the time at home. These children already knew each other and Benjamin would be the new kid. It was fine, he thought, because he was used to feeling like the odd person left out.</p>

<p>They continued walking forward and the same girl spun around again, this time giving Benjamin a confused expression that bordered on anger. Benjamin did not know how to respond so he smiled cautiously. It was not his best smile. It was not his worst. It was somewhere in between his best and his worst smile. Never before in his life had he concentrated on such things. But realizing that he had a fresh start, he was determined to be liked.</p>

<p>The girl spun around once more and stared at Benjamin and shook her head from side to side. Benjamin smiled again, this time showing more teeth than he wanted.</p>

<p>&#8220;Hi,&#8221; Benjamin said quietly so as not to cause the entire line of students to turn around. &#8220;Are you by chance Selma?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Quiet! Who are you?&#8221; the girl asked precisely. Her diction was perfect but her manners were abrupt. Benjamin worried that he was interacting with a classroom bully like Howard Horne.</p>

<p>&#8220;My name's Benjamin. I'm new.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I know you're new. If you weren't new, I wouldn't have asked you who you were.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I suppose that's right. Are you Selma?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I'll ask the questions.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;OK. Do you have any more questions?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;That's another question!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;OK. I'm not sure what I should be saying right now. Maybe you should say something.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;We don't say things like that so you must not be from here. Where are you from?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm from Pennsylvania.&#8221;</p>

<p>As soon as the word Pennsylvania left his mouth, all of the students stopped walking. There was a collective, loud gasp of surprise followed by books and backpacks falling to the ground. Several students hid behind other students while the larger of the bunch tried to move the line further and further away from Benjamin. He could feel their nervous, tense reaction as he watched them stare with wide eyes and lowered jaws.</p>

<p>&#8220;OK, children,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer said as she walked to the back of the line. &#8220;I guess now is as good a time as any to introduce our new student. This is Benjamin Buckingham from Pennsylvania. That's right. He's not from here. He's going to be with us for the next month as a foreign exchange student. Everyone, please be nice and give a warm hello to Benjamin.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Hello, Benjamin,&#8221; the class said in unison and in a worried, confused voice.</p>

<p>&#8220;He's from Pennsylvania,&#8221; Ralph whispered loud enough that Benjamin could hear this.</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, right, so Benjamin isn't from Castle Ehtahl. Benjamin's from Pennsylvania,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer said.</p>

<p>The class reacted exactly as they had when they heard Benjamin say the word. There were gasps, books dropping, children cowering, and lots of fear.</p>

<p>&#8220;And, that's OK. We're going to treat him like he's from Castle Ehtahl. He'll get along fine.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;But, we can't. He can't know what we do here,&#8221; a girl said with concern.</p>

<p>&#8220;Selma, it'll be OK. He'll learn enough to make dreaming more interesting but he won't learn too much that he won't enjoy dreaming anymore. A month will be too short a time for anything crazy to happen. Now, let's keep going to the classroom,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer said as she gently guided each student back into a single line.</p>

<p>Benjamin felt some nervous looks and glances from the other students. He did not think it was going to be easy to become friends with everyone now. No one seemed to like Pennsylvania, he thought, and he didn't quite understand why. But at least, he had finally met Selma. She was interesting. He didn't know why she was so defensive.</p>

<p>When Benjamin entered the classroom, he saw color everywhere. Paper trees lined the back wall with branches that spread to the ceiling to reveal a blue sky with clouds hanging over desks. Flowers and animals lined the other sides, drawn to a detail that Benjamin had not seen before. Each chair was a different color and each desk had multiple color combinations. It was like he had walked upon a painter's color pallet. And at the front of the class was King Bernard Zwirn.</p>

<p>&#8220;Hi, everyone!&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said in a warm tone. &#8220;Is everyone ready to learn today?&#8221;</p>

<p>The class moaned in unison and King Bernard Zwirn chuckled in response.</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, I hope you have fun and I also hope everyone's had a chance to meet Benjamin,&#8221; he said with a smile. &#8220;You're all very lucky to meet someone who lives outside Castle Ehtahl. He's a great kid and I hope you all get to spend a lot of time with him.&#8221;</p>

<p>King Bernard Zwirn waved farewell and left the room. Benjamin sat in the back of the classroom, behind Selma Applebaum. He hoped she wasn't the class bully but for the moment, he wasn't sure. She didn't seem to like him very much.</p>

<p>&#8220;Today, we're going to continue our lesson on creating dreams for grumpy old men!&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer told the class as she drew two old men on the chalkboard. There were some giggles throughout the classroom. &#8220;If you remember our lesson last week, who wants to tell me the three important rules that you have to keep in mind when you create a dream for a grumpy old man? Just imagine a grumpy King Bernard Zwirn going to sleep at night,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer said to the laughter of the class. It was almost impossible to imagine a grumpy King Bernard Zwirn.</p>

<p>Every student stretched their hand to the sky but Benjamin noticed that Selma was stretching her hand much higher than all of the other students. She was almost standing as she stretched her body further and further. He had never been in a classroom where there had been such eagerness to answer a question.</p>

<p>&#8220;Steven, why don't you give me the rules,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer said to a larger boy who was sitting next to Ralph.</p>

<p>Steven stood from his chair and counted the rules on his finger.</p>

<p>&#8220;First, the dream can't be too crazy because the grumpy old man could have a heart attack and that's not good,&#8221; he said.</p>

<p>&#8220;That's right,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer said as she wrote<i> crazy dream equals heart attack</i> on the board.</p>

<p>&#8220;Second, the dream can't be too happy because the grumpy old man will become even grumpier.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Right,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer said as she wrote <i>too happy equals grumpy</i>.</p>

<p>&#8220;And third, the dream can't happen in too many different places or the grumpy old man will get lost.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;The first two were correct,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer said. &#8220;But, I think you're confusing the third one with one of the rules for creating a dream for people who get turned around easily. Do you know the third rule for grumpy old man dreams?&#8221;</p>

<p>Steven shrugged his shoulders. And as soon as his shoulders started to rotate around, Selma's hand shot back into the air again. She wanted to answer the question more than any other student in the room and Benjamin realized that Miss Lindenmeyer was deliberately not calling on her. But since no one else had a hand in the air, there was no one else to answer the question but Selma.</p>

<p>&#8220;OK, Selma,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer said as if she said these words several times every day. &#8220;What's the answer?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Don't include anything in the dream that made the grumpy old man grumpy in the first place,&#8221; Selma said as fast as she raised her hand.</p>

<p>&#8220;That's right,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer said as she wrote <i>grumpy memories equals grumpier old man</i>.</p>

<p>Benjamin was impressed that Selma knew the answer but he did not understand what it meant. Who were these grumpy men, he wondered, and why were these kids talking about the rules for dreams. In his classroom at home, they only talked about their own dreams. It was confusing but he did not want to ask basic questions in front of everyone because he knew he was the only one who didn't know the answer.</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin, are you able to follow along?&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer asked as if she was reading his mind.</p>

<p>&#8220;Kind of,&#8221; Benjamin said quietly. &#8220;But, how do you make dreams?&#8221;</p>

<p>The class laughed and Benjamin immediately regretted asking the question.</p>

<p>&#8220;That's a perfectly fine question, Benjamin. The class is laughing because they never thought to ask such a question. They've been watching dreams be made their entire lives. Basically, we make dreams inside studios throughout the castle. People who have a dream, like the grumpy old man, have different rules assigned to them. So, that's why it's important that we learn as much as we can.&#8221;</p>

<p>Miss Lindenmeyer turned to the chalkboard and began to clear space to write. Benjamin wasn't completely sure what she meant because it felt so foreign to him. People didn't make dreams. Dreams were something that happened in his head while he was asleep.</p>

<p>&#8220;Did you understand that?&#8221; Selma asked Benjamin.</p>

<p>&#8220;I think so,&#8221; Benjamin said with a confused tone. &#8220;But, not really.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Good,&#8221; Selma said. &#8220;Because I study the hardest in this classroom and I work harder than everyone else and I'm not about to let someone from Pennsylvania come in and ruin it all for me.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin was taken aback by her attitude and did not quite know how to respond. He did not want to agitate her further.</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm not here to ruin anything.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I bet,&#8221; Selma said as she spun around and raised her hand to answer Miss Lindenmeyer's next question.</p>

<p>As Selma walked to the front of the classroom to draw a layout for a dream in which a grandmother parachutes over a length of the Amazon jungle, Benjamin thought about switching seats to be closer to Ralph and Steven. There was an empty seat near them and Benjamin had decided that it was in his best interest to be friends with them rather than Selma.</p>

<p>&#8220;And then you have to make sure a fire extinguisher is available for each of the actors because there's a chance that the grandmother could catch on fire,&#8221; Selma concluded.</p>

<p>&#8220;Well done,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer said as the rest of the class groaned slightly.</p>

<p>&#8220;Selma knows all about fires because her dad broke the dream machine,&#8221; Steven said as Ralph laughed.</p>

<p>Selma stared at Steven and Ralph as she slowly made her way back to her seat. Benjamin found it peculiar that in this classroom, Selma didn't fight back against the two boys. She just went back to her seat and sat quietly.</p>

<p>&#8220;Not nice, Steven,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer said. &#8220;And remember, your mother has made her fair share of fires as well.&#8221;</p>

<p>The rest of the class laughed. Benjamin was a little distracted because the room was starting to get darker and darker. Over the course of a few minutes, the room became so dark that Miss Lindenmeyer had to turn on a light switch near the door. But, it was still early in the afternoon. The sun was still out, Benjamin observed through the window. </p>

<p>His curiosity overwhelmed him and he raised his hand to find an answer.</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, Benjamin?&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;What is the dream machine?&#8221; Benjamin asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;The dream machine is the large building in the center of the castle that broadcasts all of the dreams. We make dreams and then we send those dreams to people sleeping throughout the world through the dream machine. Without it, there are no dreams. And, it broke for reasons we don't quite understand. Since it's broken, not all of our dreams are being received by people who are sleeping. Not everyone wants to dream, Benjamin,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer said.</p>

<p>&#8220;I see,&#8221; Benjamin said even though he did not quite understand. &#8220;And, why did it suddenly get dark?&#8221;</p>

<p>Before Miss Lindenmeyer could answer, there was a loud scream from outside the school. It was loud enough to cause Benjamin to worry that someone was in trouble. But inside the classroom, no one said anything and no one looked out the window. Everyone continued to stay seated as they had before.</p>

<p>&#8220;We don't talk about it,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer said with her lips clenched together.</p>

</div>

</body>

</html>
