<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
   "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" />
<title>Chapter 11 Flying Machine</title>
</head>

<body lang="EN-US" style="tab-interval:.5in">

<div>

<h1 id="chapter11" class="page-break-before"><span class="chapter-number">Chapter 11</span><br/><span class="chapter chapter-description"> Flying Machine</span></h1>

<p class="introduction">Benjamin felt his body freeze. His face had no color and his arms felt like cement. He had just been blamed for King Bernard Zwirn's disappearance. But worse than having been blamed, Benjamin couldn't believe something happened to King Bernard Zwirn.</p>

<p>&#8220;If Benjamin wasn't here,&#8221; Selma Applebaum said sternly. &#8220;This would never have happened!&#8221;</p>

<p>Miss Lindenmeyer restrained Selma and pushed her to the back of the room. Benjamin did not know where to look.</p>

<p>&#8220;What did I do? Did something happen because I came here?&#8221; Benjamin muttered quietly to Miss Lindenmeyer.</p>

<p>&#8220;It's not your fault, Benjamin,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer said as she cautiously pushed Benjamin towards the rest of the class. &#8220;You didn't understand what coming here meant. You didn't do anything wrong.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Did King Bernard Zwirn disappear because of me?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Of course not, Benjamin. This has nothing to do with you,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer said calmly.</p>

<p>Benjamin looked around at the other students but none of them wanted to make eye contact. It was as if all of the kids around him thought that Benjamin would disappear if they did not see him.</p>

<p>&#8220;Where is he?&#8221; Benjamin asked Miss Lindenmeyer.</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't know, Benjamin,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer said. &#8220;You're going to be here for a little bit longer than I thought.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin began to panic. He felt like King Bernard Zwirn was a friend. And, that friend held the key to get him home. Benjamin wasn't eager to get home. But at that moment, he didn't know how it would be possible to leave without the king.</p>

<p>As Benjamin stared off in the distance, Miss Lindenmeyer held her class as she had before. It was difficult for him to pay attention because there were people walking around and talking about what may happen next. The distractions were endless and Benjamin began to fear the worst.</p>

<p>&#8220;Today, we're going to play with flight machines. We normally wouldn't but this space just so happens to have one of the tallest ceilings around, which makes it incredibly safe. No one is going to be flying to the moon,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer said.</p>

<p>The students were happy about the idea of using flight machines. Benjamin did not know what they were but he was intrigued when Noel Jaffin wheeled a long rack of odd shaped devices to Miss Lindenmeyer. They looked like a combination of a motorcycle engine and a chair, each of them painted orange.</p>

<p>&#8220;Thanks, Noel,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer said. &#8220;Now students, grab a flight machine. Make sure you get your correct size.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin watched all of the students pick their flight machines and when it was his turn to pick his, there was only one engine left. He was not sure if it was his size or not. So, he took it and hid behind the other students.</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh, Benjamin,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer began to say with some caution.</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin shouldn't be allowed to use the flight machines,&#8221; Selma said sternly to Miss Lindenmeyer, without addressing Benjamin himself.</p>

<p>He took a step toward the rack to return the device.</p>

<p>&#8220;It's fine,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer said quickly and abruptly. &#8220;Benjamin, watch Selma sit on her flight machine.&#8221;</p>

<p>Selma was quite upset that she had suddenly been partnered with Benjamin. And Benjamin was quite concerned that his safety was being entrusted to someone who hated him. It was not a great partnership by any means.</p>

<p>Benjamin watched Selma quickly settle into her flight machine and turn the ignition switch on. It made a louder noise than Benjamin expected. It sounded like a mechanical hummingbird would hum.</p>

<p>&#8220;Selma, we're going to fly one at a time,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer said. &#8220;Because we don't want any more mid-air collisions, right Ryan?&#8221;</p>

<p>Miss Lindenmeyer had the students line up in front of her. One by one, she inspected the flying machines to make sure that they were working properly. She did not want a disaster. Benjamin watched her inspect the machines like a mechanic had inspected his parents' cars at home. Then when Miss Lindenmeyer was finally satisfied that everything appeared to be in order, she went to the first student and nodded with approval.</p>

<p>Steven Wazen flew into the air and his flying machine's engine churned a fine, soft buzz. It was not like the sound of a motorcycle or the sound of a locomotive. It was like the sound of a microwave and a kettle of boiling water. Benjamin watched Steven turn the flying machine to the left and then to the right and then to the left again. He flew fast, then slow, and then fast again. It looked almost graceful, Benjamin thought, as student after student flew into the air and around the room.</p>

<p>To Benjamin, the entire ordeal, so far, was both exhilarating and frightening. This was actually some of the adventure that he was hoping to find. He wanted experiences that were different than his experiences at home and certainly, there were not many flying apparatuses at home. And yet when each student successfully landed, he became more and more scared as he realized it would next be his turn.</p>

<p>&#8220;OK, Benjamin,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer said with the same confidence and enthusiasm she had said to all of the other students. &#8220;Let me show you how this works.&#8221;</p>

<p>Miss Lindenmeyer sat on the flying machine, pressed an ignition button, and then slowly ascended into the air.</p>

<p>&#8220;Once you get this high,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer shouted as she began to turn around in the air. &#8220;You lean forward to go forward. You lean backward to go backward. Left to go left and right to go right. It's actually quite easy.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Is it magic?&#8221; Benjamin asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;No!&#8221; Selma shouted from behind him. &#8220;This isn't magic. This is science. That's an engine. It's not some fantasy.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Selma's right,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer said as she landed and then promptly adjusted her hair. &#8220;It's just science. We have a lot of machines here that you probably don't have in Pennsylvania. They help us create more vivid dreams.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin wanted to stall a little longer. He was not feeling as confident as the other students felt about flying one of these machines. Even if he was able to get the flying machine into the air, he would then be defenseless to all of the people on the ground that hated him. Certainly, someone would throw a rock or some fruit, he thought.</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't think this is a good idea, Miss Lindenmeyer,&#8221; Selma protested as she flew into the air and coasted along the walls of the room.</p>

<p>&#8220;It'll be fine, Benjamin,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer reassured him. &#8220;The machine does most of the work for you. Now, just have a seat. And, I have a remote that's going to control your flight.&#8221;</p>

<p>She nudged Benjamin into position, tied his seatbelt tight, and then fastened his helmet. As soon as he looked like someone who would soon take flight, Miss Lindenmeyer hit the ignition button without warning Benjamin ahead of time. He felt a sudden jerk of the engine and a sudden beat of his heart. The machine raised Benjamin further and further into the air where Benjamin had a view of the sheer size of the room. Although he still felt more comfortable on the ground, flying was more fun than he expected.</p>

<p>As Miss Lindenmeyer advised, he moved forward as he leaned forward. He moved backwards as he leaned backwards. The machine sensed his movements and handled everything for him.</p>

<p>He even grew enough confidence that he relaxed his tight grip on the handlebars and looked to the students below. Selma Applebaum, along with the rest of the class, had their arms crossed in front of them.</p>

<p>&#8220;OK, Benjamin,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer yelled. &#8220;I'm going to turn off the machine from my remote control. You'll descend in a second.&#8221;</p>

<p>Miss Lindenmeyer inspected the remote and clicked a few times until the engine of the flying machine stopped. Benjamin waited to get back to the ground, entrusting his teacher to his safety. His teacher, though, looked at Benjamin with confusion and then looked back at her remote with more confusion.</p>

<p>&#8220;It's off,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer said. &#8220;You should be descending.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin looked to the rest of the class who all looked confused. He was ascending further and further into the air.</p>

<p>Miss Lindenmeyer became more worried. She ran for a closet on the near side of the room. Benjamin looked to see where she was going and the flying machine turned with him. He pointed the engine down and it started to go down. Maybe, he thought, the remote did not work in this dark hall.</p>

<p>He watched his teacher return with a long rope. She turned one end of it into a lasso. The other students uncrossed their arms and now had their hands on their hips. Benjamin did not know what to make of their expressions other than something peculiar had happened.</p>

<p>&#8220;Catch the rope when I toss it to you,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer yelled.</p>

<p>She threw the lasso up in the air and Benjamin grabbed it when it was near. She pulled and pulled and pulled with all her strength and Benjamin descended to the ground. As soon as he placed his right foot on the ground, the flying machine jerked and fell suddenly to the floor.</p>

<p>Benjamin saw that Miss Lindenmeyer was exhausted. And the students, they were perplexed.</p>

<p>&#8220;OK, everyone,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer said as she continued along with her class. &#8220;Let's get lunch.&#8221;</p>

<p>Everyone filed in a single line and started to march onward. As Benjamin passed Miss Lindenmeyer, she placed a hand on his chest so that he stopped walking forward. She looked from side to side as if she did not want anyone else to hear what she was about to say. Benjamin leaned forward so that he could hear her whispers.</p>

<p>&#8220;You can't leave my side or view,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer whispered. &#8220;You're in a lot of danger.&#8221;</p>

</div>

</body>

</html>
