<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
   "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" />
<title>Chapter 26 We Don't Talk About It</title>
</head>

<body lang="EN-US" style="tab-interval:.5in">

<div>

<h1 id="chapter26" class="page-break-before"><span class="chapter-number">Chapter 26</span><br/><span class="chapter chapter-description"> We Don't Talk About It</span></h1>

<p class="introduction">He was much taller than Benjamin expected. His body was thin like a crane. He stood like a young tree with branched arms that stretched outward like crooked sticks. His fingers pointed like long, narrow daggers. His elbows, knees, and shoulders were sharp, not smooth like a normal person's. His feet were unusually big while his ears were wide and short. His nose arched forward like a parrot's nose and his eyes sunk into his face like coals on a beach. And as he walked toward Benjamin, he moved like a sly fox stalking his prey.</p>

<p>&#8220;So, this is the one?&#8221; Aloysius Trenhaile asked King Bernard Zwirn amid lightning and thunder. &#8220;You told me I'd never come upon him. You said that he'd come upon me. And with what luck, here he is. What is your name, child?&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin hadn't moved. He didn't know how to interact with this man that had been so feared by so many. This man was responsible for destroying dreams in the castles and he had an army ready to destroy dreams forever. He was the reason dreams were disappearing.</p>

<p>&#8220;Leave the boy alone!&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn yelled from the cage. &#8220;He causes you no harm. Let him be.&#8221;</p>

<p>Aloysius Trenhaile walked around Benjamin several times, his legs taking long strides. His hands were behind his back. Benjamin felt like the man was going to grab him if he tried to flee.</p>

<p>&#8220;Bernard, that can't happen,&#8221; Aloysius Trenhaile said calmly. &#8220;Any child that comes to my castle surely is not worthy of letting free. Why is he here, Bernard?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;He was just leaving, Aloysius! Let him be.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;But why leave now? Don't you want to see the release of my greatest creation yet? I was just about to create a nightmare's nightmare. Stick around, boy. Don't you want to see what happens when nightmares win? Don't you want to see when dreams disappear forever?&#8221;</p>

<p>Chains burst from the ground and wrapped themselves around Benjamin's arms and legs so quickly that Benjamin didn't have any time to react. They tied down Selma as well. Barnaby was restrained and so was Chesterfield. Myrna was stuck in a cage that had fallen from the ceiling. They were all imprisoned.</p>

<p>&#8220;You can stay there,&#8221; Aloysius Trenhaile said with an annoyed, calm voice. &#8220;You'll be witness to something that will change human history. This will revolutionize the way people live. This will change the way people think. For too long, there has been a divide between the people who can dream and those who cannot. But, nightmares do not discriminate. Nightmares affect everyone. And tonight, this machine will make sure that no one dreams. The dreamers will stop dreaming and be just like the people who are unable to dream. Everyone will have nightmares and everyone will realize how much better a world that will be.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't understand,&#8221; Benjamin said meekly.</p>

<p>&#8220;What don't you understand? Nightmares are fair. Dreams are unfair. Not everyone can dream, boy.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Why don't you make dreams for the people who cannot dream?&#8221;</p>

<p>Aloysius Trenhaile let out a long, loud laugh that caused the fire at the top of the room to roar. Benjamin tried to avert his eyes as lava fell throughout the room.</p>

<p>&#8220;You assume that everyone wants to dream!&#8221; Aloysius Trenhaile screamed.</p>

<p>&#8220;Everyone wants a dream,&#8221; Benjamin replied.</p>

<p>&#8220;No!&#8221; Aloysius Trenhaile exclaimed. &#8220;Everyone does not want a dream! Lots of people want to live life without a dream! The dreamers always think that everyone should have a dream. But, they're wrong! Dreamers are unrealistic. Dreamers don't understand truths. And for that, boy, the dreamers will be punished! The dreamers will have nightmares!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Why?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;They will no longer have dreams. They will only have nightmares!&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin didn't understand what had led Aloysius Trenhaile to come to this conclusion. If there were no dreamers, the world would be a sadder place, he thought. It would be filled with people who just did what they were told, people who did not think beyond what they saw, people who did not care about creativity, people who did not try to stretch their minds, people who were insecure, people who were afraid of being different, people who were exactly the same as everyone else. It seemed to be an awful place. And, it was certainly a place Benjamin did not want to live. He wanted dreams.</p>

<p>&#8220;Bring in the catalyst!&#8221; Aloysius Trenhaile yelled as he inspected the complicated nightmare machine in the center of the room. </p>

<p>A machine was wheeled in that was made of many electrical parts Benjamin could not identify. It looked so much more complicated than the dream machine in Castle Ehtahl. From four doors on all sides of the room, demons entered with various pieces of equipment. They began to plug cords into the nightmare machine and pull levers that sent sparks flying into the air. The nightmare machine was slowly coming to life.</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh, one more thing, Bernard,&#8221; Aloysius Trenhaile said amid the chaos of the awful creatures running around. &#8220;No one leaves here alive.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Aloysius, you let them go! They do no harm!&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn yelled back.</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't know why they're here. I assume they're here to save you. But, we both know you can't be saved,&#8221; Aloysius replied.</p>

<p>Trolls entered and began putting the finishing touches on the nightmare machine, which started to make lots of noise and generate more sparks. To Benjamin, the nightmare machine looked like it was going to explode. Even the demons and trolls and other disgusting beasts on the floor began to look at it with fear. Some slowly backed away and ran down the exterior staircase while others admired the lights and noises with amazement. Benjamin and King Bernard Zwirn continued to avert their eyes. It was too bright to look directly at and too loud to hear.</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin, you have to save yourself,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said.</p>

<p>Benjamin looked at the chains that held him in the air. He jostled his body back and forth but could not free himself.</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm stuck. I can't get myself free,&#8221; he said as he watched Selma struggle as well. &#8220;We're here to save you.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;How did you get to this castle? How did you get up this tower? How did you find this place? How did you have the courage to find me? You can free yourself, Benjamin. You're the only one who can. You just have to imagine yourself being freed,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn whispered. &#8220;I believe you can do it.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin's mind started to wander as he watched pieces of lava fly into the room through the open roof above. He wondered how it was possible that he hadn't been hit by lava yet. He was glad he hadn't been hit by lava because that surely would have hurt. But with all of the pieces falling into the room, it was surprising that nothing hit him, Selma, King Bernard Zwirn, or the nightmare machine that Aloysius Trenhaile continued to work on. If only a piece of lava would fall through the ceiling and hit the iron chains, Benjamin would be free. He imagined a small piece of lava moving so fast that it would melt the chains instantly and let him free.</p>

<p>And the next thing he realized, the chains that had restrained him had set him free.</p>

<p>Aloysius Trenhaile turned to face Benjamin, his face as angry and upset as a face could look. He started to march toward Benjamin but Benjamin closed his eyes and imagined that lava was hailing down on the nightmare machine. Aloysius Trenhaile screamed and roared loudly. Benjamin opened his eyes to find that the machine had been hit by lava several times. Trolls and demons ran back into the room. They desperately tried to control the melting structure.</p>

<p>&#8220;You are going to die!&#8221; Aloysius Trenhaile screamed at Benjamin.</p>

<p>Benjamin turned but he didn't stop.</p>

<p>&#8220;No!&#8221; Benjamin yelled. &#8220;This stops now!&#8221;</p>

<p>All around him, the awful creatures of Aloysius Trenhaile's castle began to stir with confusion as to what was happening at the top of the tower. And then, the fire at the top of the castle exploded into a large fireball that forced both Benjamin and Selma to turn away. He saw demons and ghosts and skeletons falling off the staircase that surrounded the tower. Benjamin needed to save his friends, quickly. Benjamin could see that the nightmare machine had melted enough to render it unusable. But, parts of it were still functioning and it looked like it was going to explode. Aloysius Trenhaile was giving orders to all of the beasts around him to save the machine.</p>

<p>&#8220;Don't turn it off!&#8221; he screamed. &#8220;Keep it running and save every part!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Aloysius!&#8221; Benjamin heard King Bernard Zwirn yell. &#8220;You have to stop this immediately. This is no way to behave, brother.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Quiet!&#8221; Aloysius yelled. &#8220;If this doesn't work tonight, it'll work tomorrow. And, you'll witness it then! And you, Benjamin! How dumb must you be to stay here?&#8221; Aloysius Trenhaile asked. &#8220;You have to be so stupid to not run away. And now, what? What do you want? You want to die?&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin paused and twisted his foot into the ground. He let out a long sigh and thought really hard about why he had not left.</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh you must be kidding me,&#8221; Aloysius Trenhaile said with a chuckle. &#8220;You're here because you want to stop me?&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin continued to twist his foot in the ground and then he began stretching his arms. He wasn't sure what was going to happen next. He had never fought anyone in his life. He never wanted to fight anyone. It was not in his character. Through his entire life to date, he had always received the insults and punches. He never delivered them. And so, he didn't quite know what to do.</p>

<p>&#8220;Aloysius Trenhaile!&#8221; Benjamin yelled. &#8220;Stop the nightmares now!&#8221;</p>

<p>Aloysius Trenhaile laughed. There was a long silence and then, all of the beasts around him laughed. All of the beasts and nightmares throughout the castle laughed. But there were people other than Benjamin who were not laughing. King Bernard Zwirn looked scared but Myrna, Chesterfield, and Barnaby all had their hands clenched.</p>

<p>&#8220;I said stop the nightmares,&#8221; Benjamin said. &#8220;I don't know what I'm getting myself into. But, I know that I want you to stop what your doing.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;And what if I don't?&#8221; Aloysius screamed.</p>

<p>&#8220;Then I'm going to have to stop you.&#8221;</p>

<p>The roars of laughter spread throughout the castle. Benjamin did not look like a threat. He knew this. He knew this his entire life. But all of that perception was going to change. If Aloysius Trenhaile was not going to stop, Benjamin wanted to stop him.</p>

<p>&#8220;Alright everyone,&#8221; Aloysius Trenhaile said to all the beasts. &#8220;Let's get back to saving this nightmare machine. Cool the rest of the melting sections and then&mdash;&#8221;</p>

<p>Aloysius Trenhaile continued to give instructions to his followers as Benjamin continued to stand there. Benjamin turned to King Bernard Zwirn and saw that he did not look as scared as he did moments before. Instead, the king clenched his fist and held it in front of him to give Benjamin his sign of support. And so, Benjamin decided that it was time for him to take things into his own hands. If he was going to get hurt, he was willing to get hurt knowing that he could save dreamers like himself everywhere.</p>

<p>He closed his eyes, took a deep breath, and upon opening them watched a gigantic lava ball smash into the nightmare machine destroying everything that Aloysius Trenhaile was trying to preserve. Unlike before, the beasts and creatures did not respond with panic or confusion. Everyone looked at Benjamin who was imagining another lava ball falling onto all of these demons.</p>

<p>With one quick motion, Aloysius Trenhaile pushed everyone away to the walls as a lava ball crashed into the room resulting in a fantastic explosion. Aloysius Trenhaile made a motion with his hands and froze the explosion as it occurred. Benjamin's jaw dropped as he watched Aloysius take the explosion and throw it thousands of feet in the air. They were fighting, Benjamin thought. He was battling evil.</p>

<p>Benjamin imagined destroying the walls on all sides of the room so that they stood on only a floor on top of the tower. Aloysius responded by creating a large crack in the ground that splintered through Benjamin's feet. Benjamin jumped to the side and watched a chunk of the tower fall to the ground. He picked up some of the boulders and threw them one after another at Aloysius. Aloysius collected them in midair and then threw them back at Benjamin who ducked to the ground to avoid them. Aloysius imagined snakes chasing after Benjamin. Benjamin imagined that each one of the snakes turned into doves and they flew away as quickly as they could. This was not going to be as easy as Benjamin thought. Aloysius could imagine things as well as Benjamin could.</p>

<p>And then, Aloysius did something that Benjamin did not expect. He transformed into a gigantic bull. Benjamin started to build a wall as quickly as he could. Aloysius breathed fire out of his snout and then proceeded to run forward. Benjamin built and built and built the wall until it was twenty feet high and twenty feet thick. And still, Aloysius charged through it like it was a stack of cards. Benjamin fell to the ground and slid to the edge of the floor. He held on tightly so as not to fall off the tower.</p>

<p>He imagined a lightning bolt shattering the sky and hitting Aloysius square in the back. The bull squealed in pain and Aloysius transformed back into a human body. The evil man gathered a fire and set the entire floor ablaze. Benjamin responded by freezing everything around him and then freezing the entire top half of the tower. Aloysius roared in response and then transformed into a cyclops a dozen times larger than Benjamin. He grabbed a section of the building and slammed it over Benjamin. But Benjamin imagined himself in a solid sphere and the tower broke all around him. Aloysius charged and then created a sound wave with his hands that blew Benjamin off the tower.</p>

<p>Benjamin was in a free fall and could feel that he was losing control. He spun every which direction and did not know how much further he had until he hit the ground. But then he imagined that like that day in the academy, he could fly. And so Benjamin returned to the top of the tower flying as high he could. He imagined a tornado headed directly for Aloysius. Aloysius responded with a hailstorm that absorbed the tornado and tried to suck Benjamin inside it.</p>

<p>Aloysius transformed into a dragon and began chasing Benjamin in the air while sending fireballs in his direction. Benjamin dodged each one and flew throughout the castle, trying to get away from the beast. He circled the tower again and again but Aloysius followed the entire way. Aloysius snapped at Benjamin with his teeth whenever he neared but Benjamin continued to avoid the monster. He imagined that Aloysius was stuck in an iron cage and when that cage appeared around the flying dragon, Aloysius fell to the ground with a thud loud enough to create another lava river running through the castle.</p>

<p>Benjamin looked down and saw that he did it. He had defeated Aloysius Trenhaile. Benjamin quickly flew to the top of the tower to find King Bernard Zwirn. He was a little shaken but he was fine. Benjamin opened the cage and let him free.</p>

<p>&#8220;Thank you, Benjamin,&#8221; he said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Are you OK?&#8221; Benjamin asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;Well,&#8221; the king said slowly. &#8220;I don't suppose anyone could say they felt OK after having survived what you and my brother just created. But, I'm fine. We have to leave, Benjamin.&#8221;</p>

<p>They turned to go and then Benjamin saw a sight that was familiar to him from long ago. When he was with the dinosaurs trying to stop Professor Undutois from destroying the planet, there was a terrifying monster. It was a monster so feared that the dinosaurs ran from it. A monster that ruined his dreams and turned them into nightmares. And at that moment, Benjamin saw that same monster jump up the side of the tower and land next to him.</p>

<p>The tower couldn't take the weight of this enormous beast. It swayed from side to side as another chunk of the building fell to the ground. A crack rippled through the ground to the top floor. The monster looked at Benjamin and let out a roar so loud it could be heard throughout the entire land Benjamin had traveled. Benjamin couldn't hear. The noise was so deafening. And the resulting ringing in his ears made him dizzy. He looked around and saw that King Bernard Zwirn was holding his ears and laying on the ground. He was alive but like Benjamin in a lot of danger. The monster roared again and then snapped at Benjamin.</p>

<p>It wants to cut off my head, Benjamin thought. But, Benjamin did not flinch. He would have to dream of something so massive that the beast couldn't stand a chance. And so, he transformed into a brilliant, large, white dragon.</p>

<p>Benjamin flew into the air and Aloysius gave chase. They flew around the castle several times as Aloysius continued to try to grab and thrash at the white dragon. He needed some help. He realized he could not do this alone. He could be as creative and as imaginative as Aloysius Trenhaile but he could not be so much more powerful to stop the evil man alone. Instead, he needed some assistance from his friends.</p>

<p>&#8220;Throw something at him!&#8221; Benjamin yelled to Selma and King Bernard Zwirn as he flew by the top of the tower.</p>

<p>&#8220;What?&#8221; Selma asked. &#8220;What should we throw?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;The berries! Get the poisonous berries from my backpack.&#8221;</p>

<p>Selma ran to Benjamin's backpack and retrieved a bunch of the berries that Myrna had not yet eaten. She looked at them with confusion.</p>

<p>&#8220;They're delicious,&#8221; Myrna said quietly. &#8220;But apparently they're poisonous to humans.&#8221;</p>

<p>Selma threw them into the air and Benjamin imagined that they had doubled in size and quantity. He had hundreds of red berries suspended in the air. As Aloysius Trenhaile continued to chase him, Benjamin imagined that all of the berries collapsed on his nemesis at the same time. Aloysius Trenhaile was covered and he began to roar with anger. As he opened his mouth to scream, Benjamin imagined that dozens of berries flew inside. Aloysius grabbed his neck and Benjamin continued to imagine berries hitting the evil man.</p>

<p>Within seconds, Benjamin knew that he was right to trust everything he read in <i>A Guide To Plants Outside The Castle Not That You'll Ever Need This Because Everyone Stays In The Castle But If You Do Here's A Book For That, I Guess</i>. Aloysius Trenhaile had fallen asleep. And as he slept, he was finally no threat to anyone. He flew the villain to the top of the tower and King Bernard Zwirn quickly restrained his brother who at that point could no longer fight back.</p>

<p>The tower started to crumble around them. Benjamin knew he could save everyone. He imagined that the tower collapsed around he and his friends. He imagined that he flew his friends to safety on the other side of the castle walls. And he imagined that all of Aloysius Trenhaile's castle was destroyed beyond repair.</p>

<p>When he stopped dreaming, he saw that all of the monsters and nightmares were buried underneath rocks and walls of the former castle. There was nothing left but a gigantic mound of dust and lava flowing from the angry volcano.</p>

<p>&#8220;Well done, Benjamin,&#8221; Barnaby nodded with approval.</p>

<p>&#8220;That was amazing,&#8221; Selma said.</p>

<p>&#8220;He's also a great listener,&#8221; Myrna whispered to Selma.</p>

<p>&#8220;How did you and your brother grow so far apart?&#8221; Benjamin asked King Bernard Zwirn. &#8220;You make dreams and he makes nightmares.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;He didn't always make nightmares,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said. &#8220;No one wants to be evil. Something happens that makes good people do evil things. My brother originally made dreams. He made some of the most beautiful, inspiring dreams you could ever imagine for people. But one day, everything changed for him. He wanted something he couldn't have. And when he realized he couldn't have it, he started getting angry.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;What did he want?&#8221; Benjamin asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;He wanted to always live in a dream. It's one thing to have dreams and be a dreamer. But, we can't live in our dreams. We have to accept that reality is separate from them. He couldn't understand it and he believed that there were people who lived in dreams. And since he was unable to live this way, he decided that no one else should either. That's when he joined the castles that produce nightmares.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;What are you going to do with him now?&#8221; Benjamin asked. &#8220;His castle's destroyed. He can't produce nightmares there anymore.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;He can't but he could go somewhere else, if he wants. If I know my brother, he's as stubborn as I am. And so, I'd like to keep him in Castle Ehtahl for a while. I think if there's anyone who can convince him to change his ways, it'll be me. I can't send him back out into this land. The land will either kill him or he'll hurt others.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin respected King Bernard Zwirn for not giving up on his brother. He thought it was commendable that he was going to try to change him to be good. At home, he didn't think most people behaved the same way.</p>

<p>&#8220;So now there are no more nightmares,&#8221; Benjamin said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Well,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said as the sun started to rise in the distance. &#8220;There are no more nightmares from Aloysius Trenhaile. It's impossible to get rid of all the nightmares, Benjamin. So long as there are dreamers, there are going to be people who want to destroy dreams. The victory today is that there will be more dreams than nightmares. And for your home, that means there will be dreams again.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin watched the sun rise and felt that he was fine with this situation. He could dream again.</p>

<p>&#8220;Let's go home,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said. &#8220;I'm exhausted.&#8221;</p>

</div>

</body>

</html>
