<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
   "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" />
<title>Chapter 24 Request</title>
</head>

<body lang="EN-US" style="tab-interval:.5in">

<div>

<h1 id="chapter24" class="page-break-before"><span class="chapter-number">Chapter 24</span><br/><span class="chapter chapter-description"> Request</span></h1>

<p class="introduction">The elevator stopped quickly after having ascended at a high speed and Benjamin felt his stomach touch his shoulders. A bell chimed loudly and the doors slowly parted to reveal a small hallway on the two hundred and eighty-eighth floor. They stepped from the elevator into a room shaped like a glass ball perched at the top of the glass tower. He could see nothing but blue skies, clouds, and the sun. There were no birds flying around and no planes in sight.</p>

<p>In the middle of the globe was a square room that had one door but no windows. A man wearing a bright white suit stood at attention in front of it and he waved his hand for Benjamin and everyone else to come near. He held a silver cane and wore a white top hat slightly tilted to the side.</p>

<p>&#8220;Hello there,&#8221; he said in a long drawn out voice. His voice moved up and down like the cane that he waved around in circles. &#8220;How may I help you?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;We're here to see the queen,&#8221; Benjamin said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, I hope so,&#8221; he said as he waved his cane in the air. &#8220;I hope you wouldn't travel all the way up here to not see the queen. But what, exactly, are you here for?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;We have news,&#8221; Selma said.</p>

<p>&#8220;You have news?&#8221; the man said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Indeed. We have news,&#8221; Barnaby said.</p>

<p>&#8220;What is this news?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm afraid we must tell the queen,&#8221; Benjamin said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, I work for the queen. You can tell me anything that you'd tell her.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;It's just that we'd tell you and then you'd have some questions and then we'd answer those questions. And then, we have to do the same thing all over again with the queen. It would be like telling the same story twice,&#8221; Myrna said as she watched the man's cane wave around.</p>

<p>&#8220;That does seem quite inefficient. But, I can't let just anyone see the queen. We've got security measures, you see. I have to make sure you are not a nightmare.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;How can we convince you that we aren't nightmares?&#8221; Benjamin asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;That's quite easy. You would behave unlike a nightmare if, indeed, you were not a nightmare.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;How does a nightmare behave?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh certainly you know! They largely mess everything up and turn everything upside down and cause a big chaotic scare for everyone. It's incredibly loud and annoying.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;So, we haven't done that. We've been quite civilized.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You have indeed. So, I can reasonably guess that you aren't a nightmare and that our dreams are not in danger. But nonetheless, I cannot waste the queen's time. You have to give me some information about what this news may be.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin thought for a second about what news he could possibly give someone he did not know. He needed to say something that sounded honest and that also would guarantee that he would be able to ask questions about where King Bernard Zwirn was. And then, it came to him. There was no need to overthink it. He knew a topic that would give him an audience with anyone in the kingdom.</p>

<p>&#8220;Aloysius Trenhaile.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Right,&#8221; the man said as he stopped twirling the cane. &#8220;One second.&#8221;</p>

<p>He ran into the white cubed room faster than Barnaby ran across the dessert.</p>

<p>&#8220;You know you're not supposed to say that name!&#8221; Selma said.</p>

<p>&#8220;But, it's true. We're not lying. We have news. And the news is about&mdash;&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Don't say it again!&#8221; Barnaby and Chesterfield yelled at once.</p>

<p>Before Benjamin could utter another word, the guard reappeared with as much energy and enthusiasm as he had when he left. He shook his head from side to side and then pounded the silver cane into the glass.</p>

<p>&#8220;What did you say you wanted to talk about again?&#8221; he asked very calmly.</p>

<p>&#8220;Aloysius&mdash;&#8221; Benjamin started until the man put a finger out in front of him.</p>

<p>&#8220;That's what I thought. One second please,&#8221; he bowed and then slung his body around and back into the white room.</p>

<p>&#8220;How do we know they aren't working for nightmares?&#8221; Barnaby said. &#8220;I'm wondering if we'd be better off finding the castle on our own. We could be in a lot of trouble very soon.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;This is a friendly castle,&#8221; Myrna said. &#8220;They're just as afraid of nightmares as we are. We'll be fine.&#8221;</p>

<p>The door burst open and the man slid across the floor once again. He slammed the silver cane into the ground and then regained his composure.</p>

<p>&#8220;Please,&#8221; he said. &#8220;Follow me. Quickly, now. Quickly.&#8221;</p>

<p>Seated at a small desk in the room, Benjamin saw a woman who looked like a peacock. Her hair was every color imaginable and her clothing extended as wide as the room. She wore white makeup with red splotches on her cheeks. Her earrings were made of as many pieces of glass as there were pieces in Castle Ehtahl's dream machine. They hung from her ears like stars hang in the midnight sky. As she moved from side to side, Benjamin noticed that there was more color on her than there was in the entirety of the castle.</p>

<p>&#8220;My name is Queen Lizette Gohara,&#8221; the queen said. &#8220;And who might you all be?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;My name is Benjamin and this is Selma. The caterpillar is Myrna. The squirrel over there is Barnaby and the chipmunk's name is Chesterfield. We're here because I need your help.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;It's a pleasure to meet you all. Thank you for coming here. What can I do for you?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I need directions to a nightmare castle.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin looked to Myrna and Myrna gave a thumbs up in approval.</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm sorry. I don't quite know what you mean,&#8221; Queen Lizette Gohara replied.</p>

<p>&#8220;You know, <i>we don't talk about it</i>.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;We don't <i>talk</i> about it?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, <i>we don't talk about it</i>.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Then how can I talk about it?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You can talk about it.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;About what?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;<i>We don't talk about it</i>.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I know.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Can you talk about it?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;But, we don't talk about it.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;That's right.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm confused.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;He means Aloysius&mdash;,&#8221; Selma started to say because she could not stand to hear this conversation continue.</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh! Oh, I know,&#8221; Queen Lizette Gohara responded. And then, she paused for a moment and inspected Benjamin carefully. Benjamin felt like she was looking at him in a quest to figure out why he wanted to know about Aloysius Trenhaile. &#8220;What exactly do you want from, um, well, <i>we don't talk about it</i>. I spend hours of my day making sure he doesn't come to my castle. I spend nights awake wondering if he'll destroy my dreams if I fall asleep. I spend a lot of energy thinking about how I can make sure he stays outside my castle walls and away from my daydreams. I've never once thought about going to his castle. That would be ridiculous. It would be crazy. It would be nuts. No one would want to do such a thing. Why do you want to do such a thing?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I need to rescue someone.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You know someone in his castle?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, a nightmare took him hostage and he is holding him in the castle. I need to know where the castle is so I can get him back.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I just don't feel right about this, Benjamin. I know that we've just met and I don't have any attachment to you at all but I'm concerned for you. It's one thing to be brave but it's another thing to be blinded by the idea of being brave that one ends up making bad decisions. I think this is a bad decision. I don't know how you could survive a moment in a nightmare castle. You must understand that I want the best for you and if there was a way that I could help you, I would help you find your friend.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;But, you can help. You can show us where the castle is. That is, of course, if you know where it is?&#8221;</p>

<p>Queen Lizette Gohara stood upright and quietly walked to the wall furthest away from Benjamin. She sighed and raised her hand softly to a white button on the white wall. When she tapped it, the walls disappeared and Benjamin could see all of the castle and all of the land around it. He felt like a bird perched on the top of a tree observing everything below him.</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm conflicted, Benjamin. Do you know what nightmares are capable of?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I do! He kidnapped King Bernard Zwirn.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh,&#8221; she said slowly. &#8220;King Bernard Zwirn has been kidnapped.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;That is indeed not good. I have no doubt that you witnessed an awful thing. But Benjamin, have you ever had nightmares?&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin gulped as memories of recent nightmares drifted into his head. These were memories that he hoped would vanish to never be found again.</p>

<p>&#8220;I've had a lot of nightmares.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Everyone has nightmares. We need nightmares because they help us define our dreams. But when we have too many nightmares, we lose the ability to dream. And that's what has happened to this castle and others. We're under constant attack by nightmares that fear dreamers. They enter this castle and they destroy dream after dream. There's nothing left. The only defense we have against nightmares is to make our dreams even stronger. But, we're losing the battle. Every day, there is another nightmare. They're more frequent and they're more powerful. I don't think we'll be able to dream much longer.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Can't you stop them?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I've tried every way I know how. I don't know how else to stop them. I wish I knew how but I can only continue trying to keep my dreams alive for another day.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Has a nightmare come today?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Not yet.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Can you show me the nightmare when it arrives?&#8221; Benjamin said confidently.</p>

<p>Queen Lizette Gohara lifted her head and looked at Benjamin without blinking. Selma took one step closer to Benjamin and stood next to him. He could hear the heavy breathing of Barnaby to his left and the sniffles of Chesterfield to his right. He wondered what Queen Lizette Gohara was thinking. She just stood there and stared at him.</p>

<p>&#8220;OK, Benjamin. I'll show you the nightmare.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin took a deep breath as he watched Queen Lizette Gohara manage her conflicted feelings. He knew he was going to be in danger. But, he needed to see the nightmare. He needed to know what he was dealing with. He needed to convince Queen Lizette Gohara that she should show them the way to Aloysius Trenhaile's castle.</p>

<p>Queen Lizette Gohara led Benjamin to the control tower where she oversaw all of the daydreams. It was not too dissimilar to the room in Castle Ehtahl. There were many screens and many people making comments about what they saw. Benjamin saw thousands of daydreams and he noticed that daydreams were significantly shorter than nighttime dreams. Whereas the dreams in Castle Ehtahl would sometimes last for hours, the daydreams would sometimes last for seconds or a minute. And yet, they were just as intricate and detailed.</p>

<p>&#8220;A nightmare should arrive at any moment,&#8221; Queen Lizette Gohara said. &#8220;I can never tell exactly which daydream will be invaded by the nightmare. But, I'm getting very good at telling when.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;How do you know when?&#8221; Benjamin asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, it's like I told you, Benjamin. They've been coming more and more frequently. They don't come less frequently. And so, it's just about every hour that we have a nightmare invade,&#8221; she said as her eyes scanned the screens in front of her. &#8220;I just can't predict where.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin looked at the screens with the same focus that he had given to his favorite television shows. He saw an old man winning an award for swimming. He saw a woman sitting on a beach. There was a young girl holding hands with a boy. And then there was a young boy playing tennis. Everything seemed normal to Benjamin because everyone was having happy dreams.</p>

<p>&#8220;I sense it,&#8221; Queen Lizette Gohara said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Sense what?&#8221; Selma asked quickly.</p>

<p>&#8220;Where?&#8221; Barnaby added.</p>

<p>&#8220;How?&#8221; Chesterfield continued.</p>

<p>&#8220;A nightmare,&#8221; Benjamin said softly. He kept his attention on the screens as he scanned each one for something bad.</p>

<p>&#8220;It's here,&#8221; Queen Lizette Gohara said as if she had repeated the same words dozens of times a day. She pointed to a screen on the opposite side of the wall. &#8220;It's attacking the dream.&#8221; </p>

<p>Benjamin ran to the screen that Queen Lizette Gohara pointed to. He didn't see anything unusual. It seemed like a normal daydream. There was a young boy holding a leash that led a golden retriever puppy. The dog was only a few months old and it jumped up and down as if it was the happiest it could possibly be. The boy ran with the puppy through a grass field in the middle of a park surrounded by apartment buildings. The young boy kept running and running and the puppy never left his side.</p>

<p>&#8220;Please stop the daydream,&#8221; Queen Lizette Gohara said to one of the operators behind her. People were scrambling to press buttons to turn the dream off.</p>

<p>&#8220;We can't,&#8221; one of the operators said.</p>

<p>&#8220;What do you mean by <i>we can't</i>,&#8221; Queen Lizette Gohara responded with concern.</p>

<p>&#8220;We can't,&#8221; the operators repeated. &#8220;We've lost full control. I think the nightmare has prevented us from shutting down the dream. We can't stop it.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;This is not acceptable,&#8221; Queen Lizette Gohara said sternly. &#8220;These are our dream studios. We know them better than anyone else. We need to get control of them.&#8221; </p>

<p>&#8220;We're losing control,&#8221; the operator said. &#8220;We haven't seen anything like this before. We're losing control over the other dreams.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;How is this possible?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;The nightmare is taking control. We have to do something. We're going to lose control of everything.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Shut it down,&#8221; Queen Lizette Gohara shouted. &#8220;Shut down all the dreams.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;All of them?&#8221; the operators echoed together.</p>

<p>Queen Lizette Gohara didn't hesitate. She looked at Benjamin with concern and gave him a slow, steady nod.</p>

<p>&#8220;Shut down everything. We need the nightmare to leave.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;But what about the dreams?&#8221; Benjamin asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;We have to stop the nightmares even if it means that no one can dream,&#8221; Queen Lizette Gohara said. &#8220;This is the first time we've lost control of some of our dreams and&mdash;&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;We don't have control of any of our dreams,&#8221; the operator said.</p>

<p>&#8220;What?&#8221; Queen Lizette Gohara asked with concern.</p>

<p>&#8220;We can't shut down the dreams. The nightmare has complete control.&#8221;</p>

<p>Queen Lizette Gohara said nothing. She took a slow step and looked closer at the screen with the young boy running with his puppy. She lowered her head.</p>

<p>&#8220;I fear this is the end, Benjamin,&#8221; Queen Lizette Gohara said sullenly. &#8220;If the nightmare has control, there's nothing we can do.&#8221;</p>

<p>Queen Lizette Gohara closed her eyes and turned away from the screen. At that moment, the puppy transformed. It doubled in size and then it doubled in size again. As it grew, its hair grew longer and it's paws became larger. Its teeth grew ten times in size. Its face contorted and it looked vicious. Benjamin knew what it had become. It was no longer a puppy. It was now a werewolf.</p>

<p>The young boy screamed and threw the leash on the ground. He ran as fast as he could away from the werewolf. When the animal's transformation was complete, it roared loudly and stretched its arms as wide as it could. It looked from side to side like a rabid animal seeking a prey. Benjamin knew what the prey was. The werewolf snapped its jaw and then ran as fast as it could after the little boy.</p>

<p>Benjamin didn't know what to do. He didn't understand how strong nightmares were and he didn't understand how they could take control of dreams. All that he knew was that a boy was having a nightmare somewhere back home.</p>

<p>&#8220;You need to do something!&#8221; Selma whispered to him.</p>

<p>&#8220;Do something? What could I do?&#8221; Benjamin replied.</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes! Benjamin, you have to do something. You're the only one who can,&#8221; Chesterfield said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Wait, wait. Slow down everyone,&#8221; Benjamin interjected. &#8220;There's no way I can help. I don't know what to do here.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;No, you can, Benjamin,&#8221; Barnaby said slowly. &#8220;You can stop the nightmare.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Fine. Let's say I could do something. What exactly could I do? That's a werewolf. How would you stop a werewolf?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't know,&#8221; Myrna said. &#8220;But, I bet you could imagine how you could stop a werewolf.&#8221;</p>

<p>Selma, Myrna, Chesterfield, and Barnaby stared at Benjamin with their arms crossed. Benjamin didn't know what to do because he didn't know how he could stop a werewolf. He knew that his friends wanted him to save the boy from the nightmare. But, he didn't know how. He thought about all of the ways he could stop a werewolf. He couldn't tackle it. He couldn't negotiate with it. He couldn't intimidate it. He didn't have a clue. All he knew was that the werewolf was going to create nightmares for everyone. And, according to his friends, he could stop it. But, he could imagine a red wooden bridge. He couldn't imagine stopping something alive.</p>

<p>&#8220;You really want me to stop the werewolf?&#8221;</p>

<p>Selma, Myrna, Chesterfield, and Barnaby nodded enthusiastically.</p>

<p>&#8220;And, you really think I can do this?&#8221;</p>

<p>Selma, Myrna, Chesterfield, and Barnaby nodded again.</p>

<p>&#8220;And, you really think I won't get hurt?&#8221;</p>

<p>Selma, Myrna, Chesterfield, and Barnaby shrugged their shoulders and let out long sighs.</p>

<p>&#8220;Fine,&#8221; Benjamin said. He had no choice. He couldn't stay here and face their four faces. He took a deep breath and then he left for the dream studio where the werewolf was terrorizing the boy.</p>

<p>As he walked to the studio, he wondered what he was doing. He had no business fighting a nightmare. He had no idea what he was going to do. All he knew was that his friends were convinced that he could stop it. That, he thought, was crazy. And yet, he walked towards the glass building that everyone else in the castle was running away from. It was impossible to mistake which studio had the nightmare. The roof had been torn off and smoke billowed in the air. Loud bangs and roars echoed from its orange walls. People ran past Benjamin in droves. As Benjamin watched the chaos grow in the studio, he thought about the boy that was having the daydream. He wondered what he was going through. He wondered why he deserved to have such a nightmare. He wondered how this would affect him. And only at that moment did Benjamin realize that he wasn't worrying about himself. He was worried about the boy who was having the nightmare. He would fight the nightmare, he decided. He had to help the boy. He had to protect him.</p>

<p>Benjamin ran to the front of the studio and threw open the large orange glass doors. He realized that by not thinking about himself, he had suddenly gained a level of courage that he had never experienced before. People screamed as they ran passed him. Benjamin pushed his way through them and looked for the nightmare. There was broken glass all over the ground from the shattered walls and ceilings. A yellow chandelier lay broken in one corner of the studio and a dozen glass statues lay in ruins. Behind them, Benjamin saw the young boy of no more than four years. He was cowering in fear. Sweat dripped from his face and his blond hair was disheveled. He looked worn and he breathed very heavily.</p>

<p>&#8220;Don't move!&#8221; Benjamin yelled to him. &#8220;I'm going to save you!&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin didn't know how he was going to save him. But when he said the words, he actually convinced himself that he would save the boy. He just needed to find the werewolf. The boy made eye contact with Benjamin and he pointed his small arm to the other side of the studio. Benjamin saw a large hole in a purple wall of glass that could fit a werewolf. He ran toward it and found himself in a gigantic green studio. In the center, the werewolf growled loudly.</p>

<p>It was nearly ten times larger than what Benjamin had seen with Queen Lizette Gohara. It soared over twenty feet tall and its huge muscles made it look like a ferocious beast capable of crushing Benjamin quickly. It was looking in the opposite direction of Benjamin. Benjamin thought that he had an opportunity to attack the werewolf by taking a broken shard of glass and hitting the beast with it. He picked up a sharp blue glass piece and began to tiptoe toward the nightmare. He took one step forward and then he took another. He was doing it. He was going to destroy the werewolf. He took another step forward and found himself only ten feet behind his enemy. The werewolf snorted and roared. Benjamin took another step forward. He was only three steps away.</p>

<p>Benjamin took another step and when his foot came down to the ground, he landed on an orange piece of glass no bigger than his shoe. The glass cracked in half and the werewolf stopped moving. The noise awoke the beast. It turned around violently and its eyes stared deep into Benjamin. It took a deep breath and roared more loudly than it had roared before. Benjamin's hair and shirt blew backwards. It stretched its arms wide and extended his claws that were sharper than any piece of glass on the ground. It took one swipe and knocked the glass shard from Benjamin's hand. It happened so fast that Benjamin didn't have time to react. All he knew was that he was in trouble.</p>

<p>He ran through the broken glass and the werewolf chased after him. Benjamin picked up a piece from the ground and threw it at the beast but the werewolf simply smacked it away. Benjamin picked up another piece of glass and threw it but the werewolf hit it away again. The werewolf then picked up a thousand pieces of glass and threw them all at Benjamin. Benjamin ducked under a table and when the last glass hit the ground, he ran as fast as he could outside the studio. The werewolf followed and Benjamin realized that he led the werewolf into the center of the castle. Somewhere, Selma, Chesterfield, Myrna, and Barnaby were watching him. They were probably as panicked as he was, Benjamin thought.</p>

<p>The werewolf picked up a tall glass statue and swung at Benjamin with it. Benjamin ducked out of the way at the last moment. The beast swung at Benjamin again. Benjamin jumped away again but he was losing energy. The werewolf was a lot stronger and more powerful than he was. There was no way that he could destroy the beast with muscle, he thought. He had a hard time concentrating. He wasn't relaxed like he had been when he had imagined walking across the wooden bridge. This was stressful. He was getting anxious.</p>

<p>Benjamin stumbled to the ground and rolled to the side as the werewolf smashed the glass statue on the ground. Benjamin thought about how he could destroy the werewolf. He couldn't tackle it. That much he had decided. He couldn't trap it. It was too quick. He was running out of time and out of breath. The werewolf had Benjamin pinned on the ground and Benjamin began to fear that this was the end. There was no way that he could destroy a nightmare. It had been a silly hope. It was not reality. In reality, he was a tiny boy who did not have the muscle to hurt a violent animal. He closed his eyes as the werewolf held a thick glass pillar over its head. It was going to pound it directly into Benjamin. If only, Benjamin thought with his eyes closed, he could knock down one of the walls of the studios near the werewolf so that it fell on top of the beast. It could come crashing down on the werewolf's back. Another wall could crash into the nightmare. And then, an entire studio could slam into it. And after that, two castle walls could slam into the beast from both sides. The nightmare would be so injured it wouldn't be able to attack. If only, Benjamin thought. If only.</p>

<p>After a few seconds, Benjamin realized that he had not yet been destroyed. He was still alive. He slowly opened his left eye and upon not seeing the werewolf, he opened his right eye. It was nowhere to be seen. The castle was quiet. Benjamin could feel people staring at him. He could sense something was near.</p>

<p>And then, the werewolf's claw appeared. It was under nearly fifty feet of glass. Its other arm appeared in the heavy glass pieces. It was under a pile of glass higher than any of the studios near it. And to Benjamin's happiness, the animal was injured. It slowly crawled out of the mess of glass pieces and knelt in front of Benjamin. Benjamin didn't know what to do. He didn't know who did this to the animal. He didn't know how it became so injured.</p>

<p>With the last of its energy, the werewolf stood on both legs and headed for the castle walls. Benjamin watched the beast stepping on broken glass as it exited the castle. It didn't turn around or try to attack Benjamin. It had simply left. It limped its way outside.</p>

<p>&#8220;You did it! You saved our castle!&#8221; Queen Lizette Gohara said as she approached Benjamin with Selma, Myrna, Chesterfield, and Barnaby at her side.</p>

<p>&#8220;What did I do?&#8221; Benjamin asked with confusion.</p>

<p>&#8220;You did that. You injured the nightmare. You forced it to leave,&#8221; Queen Lizette Gohara added with amazement.</p>

<p>&#8220;That was unbelievable, kid,&#8221; Barnaby said.</p>

<p>&#8220;I've never seen anyone as powerful as you,&#8221; Chesterfield said.</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm so proud of you,&#8221; Myrna said with a twirl.</p>

<p>&#8220;You defeated the nightmare,&#8221; Selma said. &#8220;You threw so much glass at it that it could not possibly have escaped unharmed. It was an impossible amount of glass. You stopped it!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I imagined that,&#8221; Benjamin said. &#8220;I didn't actually do that. I didn't move any of that glass. I didn't throw anything at him. How could I? I'm not that strong and I wasn't relaxed. I couldn't dream like I imagined the bridge.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You may not have the muscle but you do have the mind. You've got a very powerful imagination, Benjamin. Even if you were not relaxed, you did imagine defeating the beast,&#8221; Queen Lizette Gohara said. &#8220;And I hate to say this but I think you might be the one who can save King Bernard Zwirn.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin paused for a moment to try to understand what had happened. Everything that he had imagined happened. But, it was different. He was learning to use his imagination and creativity but he realized he still did not have complete control of it. All he knew was that Queen Lizette Gohara was now encouraging him to go find King Bernard Zwirn. He didn't want to think about anything for too long. He wanted to go. He wanted to go save him.</p>

<p>&#8220;Where is the castle?&#8221; Benjamin asked eagerly.</p>

</div>

</body>

</html>
