<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
   "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" />
<title>Chapter 5 Automatons</title>
</head>

<body lang="EN-US" style="tab-interval:.5in">

<div>

<h1 id="chapter05" class="page-break-before"><span class="chapter-number">Chapter 5</span><br/><span class="chapter chapter-description"> Automatons</span></h1>

<p class="introduction">Benjamin followed King Bernard Zwirn and Noel Jaffin through the ancient castle. He admired the green floor and yellow walls of a new hallway lined with windows on his left and plants on his right. He smelled flowers that reminded him of chocolates his parents would buy him in the spring.</p>

<p>&#8220;So, where is Ehtsetra?&#8221; Benjamin asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;We don't know exactly where they are located. And, we like it that way,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said with a smile.</p>

<p>&#8220;Don't you like them?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh, no. We really like people from Ehtsetra. We like them a lot. But it's for our mutual protection that we don't know where the other is.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Protection?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said as they walked through another door to a hallway with white ceilings and blue walls with fish tanks on his left and stained glass windows on his right. The tropical fish swam throughout the enormous fish tank as if they were attempting to mirror the colorful glass display on their opposite side. &#8220;I need you to answer some questions from my advisors so that we can figure out how we can get you back to Pennsylvania.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;But, who do you need to be protected from? What is Ehtsetra scared of?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Don't worry, Benjamin. You won't ever have to worry about this. You don't want to. I'll get you home before you know it.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin walked slowly because he was incredibly curious about what threatened King Bernard Zwirn. And, he didn't want to go back to Pennsylvania. Not now, at least. He did not want to leave without knowing where Snark went. There was more to see here than there was at school, he thought.</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin?&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said when he realized that Benjamin was not moving forward.</p>

<p>As Benjamin looked at more of the paintings on the wall, he remembered one of the paintings that he saw earlier.</p>

<p>&#8220;Why did it say <i>we don't talk about it</i> above Aloysius Trenhaile's name?&#8221; Benjamin asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh, that's an easy question,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn answered. &#8220;Because we do not talk about it.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;But who is Aloysius?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;We don't talk about it.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;At all?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;At all.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Does he live here?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;We don't talk about it.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;And people don't like him?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;We don't talk about it.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Or he did something really bad?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;We don't talk about it.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I have to find someone who can talk about it so that I know why we don't talk about it.&#8221;</p>

<p>King Bernard Zwirn stopped walking. He closed his eyes just like Benjamin's mother did when Benjamin misbehaved. Noel Jaffin did not make eye contact with King Bernard Zwirn and Benjamin sensed that the stocky man was uncomfortable.</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin, we do not talk about it!&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn snapped. &#8220;You cannot talk about something we do not talk about!&#8221;</p>

<p>They proceeded to walk forward and Benjamin did not ask any more questions. And although he was even more curious about Aloysius Trenhaile, he did not want to disobey King Bernard Zwirn. Living with curiosity was better than being hated, Benjamin decided. And, he liked King Bernard Zwirn.</p>

<p>As yet another door opened to yet another colorful room, a bright light blinded Benjamin. The circular room looked like the inside of a round monument, the walls made of marble and the ceiling holding a mural with clouds that appeared to move. It was not a large room and Benjamin felt that Noel Jaffin was occupying an unfair amount of it because of his size. There was one more unusual and unique feature. He was surrounded by twelve automatons, machines that looked like people seated at desks as if they were in a meeting.</p>

<p>&#8220;The elders of Castle Ehtahl would like to ask you a few questions, Benjamin,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said as he walked to a cabinet hanging on the wall.</p>

<p>&#8220;Are these machines?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin! There are our elders! Don't insult them in front of them. Wait until you leave if you want to insult them.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;But, they aren't human.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;No, they're not. They are automatons.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;The elders of your castle are automatons?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;No. The elders of my castle are lazy. They've been replaced by automatons because they got bored of asking the same questions over and over.&#8221;</p>

<p>King Bernard Zwirn placed a quarter into a slot in the cabinet and then pulled a gigantic lever from the cabinet to the floor. As he did so, sparks burst from each of the automatons and they all made rickety noises as their tin and copper pieces shifted back and forth. They did not look graceful or smooth because their movements were quite jerky and their exteriors rusty in several spots. Some of the automatons did not have complete control over their movements causing their arms, lips, or legs to move in a peculiar ballet of metal and electricity.</p>

<p>&#8220;What is your name?&#8221; one of the automatons asked in a metallic, crisp voice.</p>

<p>Benjamin turned to face the automaton that had a pen in its crooked fingers.</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin Buckingham,&#8221; Benjamin responded.</p>

<p>&#8220;What is your identification number?&#8221; another automaton asked from a different direction.</p>

<p>&#8220;Override! Outsider questions,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said quickly. He gave Benjamin a nod of approval because Benjamin obviously did not have an identification number. The automatons shifted back and forth and jerked their limbs in various movements that together looked like they were synchronized.</p>

<p>&#8220;Where are you from?&#8221; another automaton asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;Pennsylvania.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Where is Penn Syl Vannia?&#8221; another automaton asked with mispronunciation.</p>

<p>&#8220;In the United States?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;OK. We found Pennsylvania,&#8221; another automaton answered. &#8220;Is your address 18104 Huckleberry Road?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes,&#8221; Benjamin said with surprise. &#8220;How did you...&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Are you nine years old?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes,&#8221; Benjamin replied with even more surprise.</p>

<p>&#8220;What is your relationship with <i>evil</i>?&#8221; another automaton asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;Evil?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, <i>evil</i>.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't know. I'm not evil. Who is evil?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;We don't talk about it,&#8221; yet another automaton commented. &#8220;And how did you get here?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;King Bernard Zwirn took me here,&#8221; Benjamin responded.</p>

<p>&#8220;Pause!&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said as he raised the lever from the ground to the cabinet, powering down all of the automatons in the process. &#8220;We want to know how you came to Ehtahl? How did you wind up in the castle in the first place?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh, that's easy&mdash;&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Wait for the automatons to return,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said as he powered the automatons to the jingle and jangle and clanking of metal parts.</p>

<p>Benjamin relayed the story of how he got to where he was today. He mentioned running through an old city in his dream, waking up to find a dinosaur under his bed, following the dinosaur into an unknown land, and seeing a gladiator battle. If machines could look as surprised as King Bernard Zwirn and Noel Jaffin did, these automatons were as shocked by this outcome as anyone else. Benjamin took a deep breath after he finished.</p>

<p>&#8220;Why are you really here?&#8221; an automaton asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;I wanted to see where the dinosaur was going,&#8221; Benjamin said quietly.</p>

<p>&#8220;Dinosaur?&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes. The Tyrannosaurus rex from my dream.&#8221;</p>

<p>King Bernard Zwirn groaned through his teeth and rolled his eyes.</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh, Rodney.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Rodney! He kept saying that name.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, Rodney Cohen,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said while shaking his head. &#8220;That guy gets us in so much trouble we're not going to be able to do what we do much longer.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;What do you do?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I'll tell you all about it as we leave.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Leave?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, Benjamin, we need to get you home.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;But, I don't want to go.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;It's not really your choice,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said. &#8220;Elders, when can Benjamin go back to Pennsylvania?&#8221;</p>

<p>The automatons moved back and forth in a more rigid, uncontrolled fashion. They jerked from side to side and steam started pouring from their heads, sending a screeching sound into the air. Joints started to disconnect and pieces of robots starts to fall all over the ground.</p>

<p>One automaton leaned forward and moved its jaw slowly.</p>

<p>&#8220;The departure gateway closes in ten minutes at the train station. The next time the departure gateway opens is in one month.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Ten minutes!&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn exclaimed. &#8220;Benjamin, we have to go!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;But where am I? What's threatening Castle Ehtahl?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;We have to run!&#8221;</p>

</div>

</body>

</html>
