<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
   "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" />
<title>Chapter 19 Favor</title>
</head>

<body lang="EN-US" style="tab-interval:.5in">

<div>

<h1 id="chapter19" class="page-break-before"><span class="chapter-number">Chapter 19</span><br/><span class="chapter chapter-description"> Favor</span></h1>

<p class="introduction">By his own calculation, Benjamin estimated that he had taken three thousand, four hundred, and seventy-two steps before he reached the edge of the forest. Myrna was saved any steps by continuing to sit on Benjamin's shoulder. And as far as he could tell, these steps were in a straight line. But, he knew that it was also unlikely that he completed a perfect line. He was beginning to learn that despite his best efforts to complete a goal, there were many obstacles along the way. In the forest, these obstacles were trees. But in his quest to make friends, his obstacles were other people around him. People like Russell Fox and Thalia Nachamie were the bad trees that blocked his departure. But as Benjamin exited the forest and Myrna blocked the sun from scalding her eyes, he gained a small amount of confidence that he could navigate his way. He could do this, he thought to himself.</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, I don't know about you but I'm exhausted,&#8221; Myrna said as she lay on her back on Benjamin's shoulder.</p>

<p>&#8220;You haven't moved at all! How can you be exhausted?&#8221; Benjamin asked as he looked around at the canyon below them.</p>

<p>&#8220;Mental exhaustion, Benjamin! You have no idea. I've been thinking so much the entire time we were in that forest,&#8221; she responded as she closed her eyes.</p>

<p>&#8220;What were you thinking about?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh, you know. The typical things like how many brochures I should print next. Are my maps accurate? Turns out they aren't! I didn't realize. I thought a lot about that. And, of course, I thought a lot about boys.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Boys?&#8221; Benjamin stopped walking and stared at Myrna.</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, boys! You can't tell me you're not currently thinking about <i>Selma</i>,&#8221; Myrna said as she stood on her feet.</p>

<p>&#8220;No, I don't think about Selma!&#8221; Benjamin objected.</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh! Tell me, Benjamin. Tell me you do,&#8221; Myrna said as she nudged herself closer to Benjamin's face and placed her chin on her hands.</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't!&#8221; Benjamin said as he sat on the edge of the canyon.</p>

<p>&#8220;Is she cute?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;No.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Is she sweet?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;No.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Is she single?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;No.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Then, frankly, Benjamin, I don't know why you're interested in her.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;There is no her. Selma and I are not a couple.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You don't want to be with her?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm confused. You've confused me. I have to go save her. And, I have to save King Bernard Zwirn.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh my gosh you're in love!&#8221; Myrna said as she twirled in a circle and then fell onto Benjamin's shoulder.</p>

<p>&#8220;I am not in love.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Sh! Sh!&#8221; Myrna said as she put her finger to Benjamin's mouth. &#8220;This is great, Benjamin. The world needs more love.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm not in love.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;If you're not in love, then why don't you just save King Bernard Zwirn? You don't <i>have</i> to save Selma.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I can't <i>not</i> rescue her.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, sure you could!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;That wouldn't be nice.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;There's a fine line between being in love with someone and being nice to someone, Benjamin.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't think that's true.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;So explain this to me, Benjamin. If you think you're not going to save your girlfriend, why are you here talking to a caterpillar staring off into a gigantic canyon?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't see how those two things are related.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Wrong!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Why, then?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Because, Benjamin, you are in love. And, you have an imagination. And in order for someone to be in love, they must have an imagination, I say.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You're so confusing, Myrna. I don't know what love is. But, I know what an imagination is. But what good is an imagination? It doesn't make me good at sports or school or making friends.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I think you're using it incorrectly!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Incorrectly?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes! Incorrectly!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;How should I be using it then?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Hm,&#8221; Myrna said as she tapped her fingers on her knee. &#8220;I don't know but you have to figure that out. You have to figure out how to use your imagination so that you stop worrying about how you measure up to everyone else. You have to figure out why you're here. I, for one, know why I'm here.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Why are <i>you</i> here?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;To take a nap,&#8221; Myrna said as she curled up on Benjamin's shoulder and shut her eyes.</p>

<p>She fell asleep faster than any creature Benjamin had seen fall asleep. He felt a sense of calmness having Myrna lay on his shoulder because he felt that she trusted him. It was a compliment that Benjamin thought deeply about as he stared into the canyon and wondered why he was here. What good is an imagination? How was he using it incorrectly? How could he use his imagination in general? He never thought about such things. He never thought about his imagination.</p>

<p>Hours passed as Benjamin kept searching his brain for an answer to Myrna's question. He was feeling mentally exhausted as he explored every nook and cranny of his mind. And just as he thought he found something that could lead him to the answer, he heard a familiar sound in the distance.</p>

<p>&#8220;South! South! South! South! South! South!&#8221; the huge squirrel yelled as it ran by. &#8220;South! South! South! South!&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin watched the little creature run by his side and out of sight while leaving a small dust trail in his path. Myrna stayed asleep through it all. Benjamin still could not believe a squirrel could run that fast for so long. It must be possessed, Benjamin thought, as he stared off in the distance and wondered what could frighten someone so much to make him run so fast. And when he thought about it more, he realized that he was not too dissimilar to the squirrel that ran away because Benjamin, too, had run away from something. But, it hadn't been so loud and certainly, it hadn't been so noisy. As Benjamin sat with a newfound understanding of himself in hand, he heard the sound of the squirrel as it made yet another pass by Benjamin.</p>

<p>&#8220;North! North! North! North! North! North!&#8221; the squirrel yelled as it ran the opposite direction. &#8220;North! North! North! North!&#8221;</p>

<p>It must be hard to be like the squirrel, constantly running away from something and, presumably, not knowing where to go. And Benjamin would have continued to think about how he and the little woodland creature were alike except that the squirrel was beginning to pass more frequently and with more proximity than Benjamin felt comfortable. In fact, the squirrel was beginning to run directly at Benjamin as if it didn't know that an obstacle was in its way.</p>

<p>&#8220;South! South! South! South!&#8221; the squirrel yelled in the distance.</p>

<p>The little animal was about a thousand feet away and ran along the edge of the canyon at Benjamin. Why would a squirrel want to run directly at him, Benjamin thought. Surely, it sees that something is in its way.</p>

<p>&#8220;South! South! South! South!&#8221; the squirrel screamed.</p>

<p>Benjamin shifted to his left and then to his right. There was nowhere to move. If he moved to his left or backwards, he would fall off the side of the canyon. Trees blocked his path to the right. This squirrel was aimed right at him.</p>

<p>&#8220;South! South!&#8221; the squirrel screamed as its eyes widened and slobber flew from its lips.</p>

<p>With only fifty feet left, the squirrel had picked up a speed the equivalent of a motorcycle moving down an empty highway on a calm Saturday morning. There was no stopping it, Benjamin thought. There was going to be a collision.</p>

<p>&#8220;I can't move!&#8221; Benjamin yelled. Myrna awoke to see the situation that had unfolded while she was dreaming. &#8220;Stop, squirrel! Stop!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;South! South!&#8221; it yelled with a noise that felt more like a bark than a warning.</p>

<p>&#8220;Brace yourself!&#8221; Myrna yelled.</p>

<p>Benjamin braced himself for a collision with a animal moving at a speed faster than anything he had seen. Either he or the squirrel would be squashed in a moment.</p>

<p>&#8220;SOUTH!&#8221;</p>

<p>As the squirrel neared, it only increased in speed. Benjamin crouched to the ground and thought that if he tried to catch the squirrel, he could reduce the impact and prevent either one of them from falling into the abyss below. The squirrel jumped into the air at Benjamin, its eyes closed and its mouth open wide. Benjamin jumped into the air at the squirrel, his eyes closed and his mouth tightly shut. Myrna covered her eyes with her hands and prepared herself for impact. The bodies collided in midair like two hands clapping together. All three of them fell to the ground and each of them grabbed something that prevented them from falling into the canyon. The three shocked creatures stared at the sky.</p>

<p>&#8220;South,&#8221; the squirrel said faintly.</p>

<p>&#8220;Not south,&#8221; Myrna said through her teeth.</p>

<p>&#8220;Ouch,&#8221; said Benjamin as he rolled back and forth in mild pain. He wasn't really hurt so much as confused. Neither animal moved for a minute as they all pondered what had happened.</p>

<p>&#8220;My head hurts,&#8221; the squirrel whispered as it stood up and adjusted the goggles it had been wearing to keep dirt out of its eyes.</p>

<p>&#8220;You ran right into me,&#8221; Benjamin said as he rubbed his belly. &#8220;Your head should hurt.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I didn't even see you.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I was standing right in front of you the entire time. How didn't you see me?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Are you one of those blind squirrels?&#8221; Myrna asked with curiosity.</p>

<p>&#8220;I run with my eyes closed.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Not a smart squirrel,&#8221; Myrna said as she climbed onto Benjamin's shoulder again.</p>

<p>&#8220;You run with your eyes closed? How do you know where you're going?&#8221; Benjamin asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;I yell the direction I want to go. If I want to go north, I yell north! If I want to go south, I yell south. East? East! West? West! Northeast? Northeast!&#8221;</p>

<p>The squirrel yelled the words in a low tone that Benjamin thought could only be from an older man. His little body heaved up and down as he let out a long cough like someone with a breathing problem. After he gathered himself back together, he cleared his throat and wiped the dirt from his goggles with his white tail. Benjamin watched him put the goggles back on his face and move gray eyebrows up and down in satisfaction. It never crossed Benjamin's mind that the squirrel moving so quickly across the land could be as old as the creature standing before him.</p>

<p>&#8220;You're the biggest, craziest squirrel I've ever seen,&#8221; Myrna said as she shook her head slowly from side to side.</p>

<p>&#8220;You're the rudest little caterpillar I've ever met,&#8221; the squirrel responded with one eye open and the other closed. &#8220;Why are you so tiny?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;For probably the same reasons that you're so gigantic,&#8221; Myrna said.</p>

<p>Benjamin felt that there was an unusual tension between Myrna and the squirrel. He somehow thought that the two of them had something in common. But, he didn't know what it was just yet.</p>

<p>&#8220;Yelling the direction isn't going to help when you run into something. I can't yell north and then expect to be running north,&#8221; Benjamin explained.</p>

<p>&#8220;Have you tried it?&#8221; the squirrel said so quickly that Benjamin realized it was not even a question.</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, no, but&mdash;&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;How would you know if you haven't tried it?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm not going to&mdash;&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Why not?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;First of all, we're standing on the edge of a canyon. I'm already nervous as it is. If I closed my eyes and ran anywhere, I'd probably fall right into the abyss.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Bah! I've been running around for years now. I've learned a thing or two. First thing I learned is that yes, you do run into things. Second thing I learned is that I can run a lot faster if I run with my eyes closed. And, third thing I learned is that I haven't yet run into any canyons!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;If you'll forgive me, dear squirrel,&#8221; Myrna started to say sarcastically. &#8220;If you did run into a canyon, we probably wouldn't be talking to you right now.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Exactly!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Where are you running to?&#8221; Benjamin asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, that's a better question than asking about the weather,&#8221; the squirrel said as it propped its elbow on its knee and tilted its head to the sky. It tapped the ground several times with its tail and then smacked its lips. &#8220;I supposed you can ask where we all are running? Or, are we running? Are we running <i>to</i> something or are we running <i>from</i> something.&#8221; The squirrel got to his feet and pressed its finger against its forehead. It stopped and shifted its head back quickly. &#8220;Or, we're running from <i>and</i> to something! But what does it mean to run at all? I don't get to think about these questions very often. I suppose I'm always running. You know what they say about the flowers?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;They're delicious!&#8221; Myrna said with a wide smile and her finger pointing to the air as if she had correctly answered the question.</p>

<p>&#8220;No, silly caterpillar, that's&mdash;,&#8221; the squirrel said.</p>

<p>&#8220;My name is Myrna!&#8221; Myrna interrupted him.</p>

<p>&#8220;My manners! Nice to meet you, Myrna. My name is Barnaby,&#8221; Barnaby the squirrel said.</p>

<p>&#8220;And, my name is Benjamin,&#8221; Benjamin said as he extended his hand to Barnaby because Benjamin thought it was the polite thing to do. Barnaby took it and examined it on all sides.</p>

<p>&#8220;You are awfully young,&#8221; Barnaby said. &#8220;And, it's nice to meet you as well, Benjamin.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Nice to meet you, too,&#8221; Benjamin said as he realized he was chatting with both a caterpillar and a squirrel.</p>

<p>&#8220;So, I was going to say something. Oh yes! I remember now. I was going to say that when you're running all the time, you never have time to think about <i>why</i> you're running. And if you're never running and always thinking about running, you're not going to get anywhere. So maybe, just maybe, the best way to be is to think while you're running? No. That doesn't work very well for me at all. I can't even think about where I'm going while I'm running. Maybe the best way to run is to stop every now and then to understand why you're running. Why am I running?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes! Why are you running?&#8221; Benjamin said as he and Myrna waited patiently for Barnaby to respond.</p>

<p>&#8220;Bears,&#8221; he said as a matter of fact.</p>

<p>&#8220;Bears?&#8221; Myrna asked with a confused expression.</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh, yes. There were bears back there! Can you imagine running around and having a great time and then all of a sudden you open your eyes to see a dozen bears staring at you! They'll eat you alive, really. Scary things. That'll give you another reason to close your eyes. If I can't see the bears, I won't be scared of them.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You could avoid them if you saw them.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I suppose you're right. If I saw the bears, I could avoid them.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;So you were running away from bears?&#8221; Myrna said as if she were talking with the most boring person she had ever met.</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, I'm running away from a lot of issues,&#8221; Barnaby said as he nudged Benjamin's sneaker with his elbow. &#8220;But yes, mostly bears. And, my fear of failure but we don't need to talk about that. How did you get so smart?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't think I'm very smart,&#8221; Benjamin said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, you certainly ask interesting questions. I've been running back and forth away from bears for years and no one has asked me these types of questions.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I suppose I'm curious.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Curiosity is a great thing!&#8221; Barnaby said quickly. &#8220;Don't ever lose that. Curiosity can get you very far.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I'll remember that,&#8221; Benjamin said.</p>

<p>&#8220;So anyways, where are you two headed?&#8221; Barnaby asked.</p>

<p>Myrna climbed down from Benjamin's shoulder to the ground with great excitement and anticipation. Benjamin noticed that it was the fastest he had seen her move. She stood immediately before Barnaby and pressed her hands together in front of her tiny body. A giant, happy expression overwhelmed her face as she jumped and twirled in the air.</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin's in love!&#8221; she said as she fell onto her back and smiled into the clouds above.</p>

<p>Barnaby and Benjamin listened to her hum a love song and sigh over and over.</p>

<p>&#8220;Well,&#8221; Barnaby said very slowly and awkwardly. &#8220;I'm very sorry to hear that.&#8221;</p>

<p>Myrna jumped to her feet and looked Barnaby straight in the eyes.</p>

<p>&#8220;Sorry! How could someone be sorry about something so wonderful! Her name is Selma!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh yes, love is wonderful. I meant sorry that Myrna <i>knows</i> that you're in love. So who is the lucky lady?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;There is no lucky lady,&#8221; Benjamin said in a very shy tone.</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh, that's totally fine,&#8221; Barnaby said. &#8220;Modern times and all. I'm cool with that.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;There is no one,&#8221; Benjamin changed his answer.</p>

<p>&#8220;You love <i>no one</i>?&#8221; Barnaby asked.</p>

<p>Myrna started to parade around and sing another love song to herself.</p>

<p>&#8220;He keeps saying that but I know the truth. Benjamin's in love! And, I'm going to tell the whole world! We're going to rescue his girlfriend,&#8221; Myrna said again as she skipped around Barnaby.</p>

<p>&#8220;Again, I'm sorry,&#8221; Barnaby said with a serious tone.</p>

<p>&#8220;She keeps saying I'm in love but I don't even know what love is,&#8221; Benjamin said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh my gosh this is the most precious thing!&#8221; Myrna said with joy. &#8220;Benjamin's in love and he's got to find her so that they can live together and be happy forever!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;So, where is this lucky lady that you're, ahem, not in love with, Benjamin?&#8221; Barnaby said with a steady face. &#8220;I might be able to help you get there.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Do you know how to get to Aloysius Trenhaile's castle?&#8221; Benjamin said quickly. He said it so quickly that Myrna did not have a chance to put her hands over Benjamin's mouth. He knew from her expression that he had said a bad thing. But, he needed help getting to Aloysius Trenhaile's castle and this squirrel had probably run everywhere. If anyone knew how to get there, Barnaby would.</p>

<p>&#8220;Aloysius Trenhaile's castle? Wow, you really are in love with her,&#8221; Barnaby said as he scratched at his mustache and tapped his tail on the ground. &#8220;That takes a lot of guts to go to that castle. Why would your girlfriend happen to be there?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't have a girlfriend.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Selma!&#8221; Myrna whispered loudly.</p>

<p>&#8220;Why do you want to go to Aloysius Trenhaile's castle, Benjamin? This friend of yours, Selma, can't be so bad if you're willing to risk your life to go save her.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I need to rescue a king,&#8221; he said. &#8220;If I rescue a king, everyone at Castle Ehtahl will realize that I didn't do anything bad. And, the king is the only person who can send me home. And, Selma, my friend, has also been kidnapped and she's probably there too. She's OK but she's not really nice to me.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Women will do that. She probably likes you. Where are you from?&#8221; Barnaby asked with curiosity.</p>

<p>Benjamin looked at Myrna and he knew better than to answer this question honestly. He did not need to give Barnaby any more curious information than he already had.</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm from Castle Ehtahl. They're blaming me for destroying the dream machine.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You're the one who has ended all the dreams?&#8221; Barnaby asked with confusion.</p>

<p>&#8220;No!&#8221; Benjamin said quickly. &#8220;The person who kidnapped King Bernard Zwirn and Selma is the person who is ending all of our dreams.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I haven't dreamed in a while,&#8221; Barnaby said as he tilted his head to look to the sky. &#8220;But then again, it's tough to dream when you're running around all the time.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Me neither,&#8221; Myrna said. &#8220;My last dream involved an apple the size of the sun. It was all mine. I loved it.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I bet you did, Myrna,&#8221; Barnaby said with a smirk. &#8220;Listen, Benjamin. I'll be honest with you. I know where Aloysius Trenhaile's castle is and I don't want to go anywhere near it. It's where nightmares come from. You're from Castle Ehtahl. You know that. You make dreams. Aloysius makes nightmares. I hope Aloysius didn't kidnap your friends. Because if they were, well, Benjamin, I hope they weren't.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Can you show me the way? You don't need to come with me. I can go on my own,&#8221; Benjamin said quickly. He said it too quickly. Once again, he spoke words before he thought about the damage those words could cause to someone else. Myrna looked hurt and he realized she wanted to go wherever Benjamin was going to go. &#8220;Myrna and I will find it.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I can introduce you to someone who can help you,&#8221; Barnaby said. &#8220;But, that's as much as I can do.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;That would be great!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;But you must know,&#8221; Barnaby said seriously. &#8220;He will only help you if you do a favor for him.&#8221;</p>

</div>

</body>

</html>
