<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
   "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" />
<title>Chapter 3 Lost Child</title>
</head>

<body lang="EN-US" style="tab-interval:.5in">

<div>

<h1 id="chapter03" class="page-break-before"><span class="chapter-number">Chapter 3</span><br/><span class="chapter chapter-description"> Lost Child</span></h1>

<p class="introduction">Benjamin couldn't see anything. He didn't know what was ahead of him, what was behind him, what was beside him, or what was above him. There was darkness everywhere.</p>

<p>He didn't want to move, in case one step to his left led him to a five thousand foot fall off a mountain with rocks and trees and other sharp things. If he took one step forward, he might step onto some old wooden platform that could give way to him falling six thousand feet into an ancient gold mining shaft. If he took one step backwards, he might get his foot tangled into a rope that had been placed to catch large animals like dinosaurs and suddenly he would be pulled seven thousand feet into the air, dangling from some magnificent tree. He leaned a little to the left and then decided that taking a step to the left would be just as bad. If he took a step to the left, as opposed to the right, he might step into the opening of a gigantic volcano eight thousand feet tall, his tiny body flailing and falling into the erupting lava below.</p>

<p>He worried that if he jumped, the land on which he currently stood might suddenly disappear. Benjamin realized that he was worrying too much. He was losing control of his thoughts, as everything he imagined was bad. Benjamin sat on the ground and wished that his mind would wander into the many glorious things that might await him when the darkness faded. But, he couldn't. He didn't like being alone in darkness, he thought.</p>

<p>And then, something touched him. He felt it fly by his back as quickly as a bat or bird. If it was just a bird, that would be fine because Benjamin had seen many birds before. But if it was a bat, Benjamin would be more concerned. He had never seen one before. He would rather see something he knew than something he didn't know.</p>

<p>It touched him again. This time, he felt the creature across his left shoulder. Benjamin cowered down lower to the ground.</p>

<p>And then, it touched him twice, this time on both the left and right shoulders. Benjamin kept still and hoped that he could be invisible in the darkness.</p>

<p>At that point, it continued. More and more, Benjamin felt the annoying bird-bat thing hitting him. Whatever it was could see in the dark, he thought.</p>

<p>Benjamin began to flail his arms in front of him to ward off the flying thing.</p>

<p>&#8220;Away! Away, demon bird!&#8221; Benjamin yelled at whatever it was that was bothering him.</p>

<p>But then, Benjamin could see in the dark, too. At a distance of about thirty feet away, a tiny candle suddenly lit to reveal that there was no volcano, mountain, mineshaft, or dinosaur traps around him. There was only flat, safe ground so Benjamin jumped to his feet and ran to the light. He examined it and saw that it was on top of a wooden pole.</p>

<p>Without thinking about who turned the light on, he grabbed the torch and slowly illuminated everything around him.</p>

<p>&#8220;Ugh. Shadows!&#8221; Benjamin said with far less excitement.</p>

<p>Shadows of various sizes were moving at high speeds all around him. They looked like creatures with two, three, four, eight, and eleven limbs.</p>

<p>&#8220;Monsters!&#8221; Benjamin yelled.</p>

<p>As if it heard him, another light flickered on to his left. Benjamin ran to it and noticed that it, too, was on a wooden stake. He did not see anyone or anything around that could have turned it on. He only saw more shadows.</p>

<p>&#8220;Go away, dinosaurs! Snark, help me!&#8221; Benjamin yelled.</p>

<p>Dozens of candles suddenly flickered on, as if Snark was listening to his request for help. They revealed a path through the darkness. Without concern for the shadows and bird-bats, Benjamin ran through the path as fast as he could. He passed nearly fifteen candles when the dark environment changed completely. Everywhere, without warning, was light. And for the first time, Benjamin saw where he was.</p>

<p>He was standing at the entrance to a large stadium with tens of thousands of people in the stands cheering and screaming. The audience surrounded a circular ground covered with sandy dirt that felt hot under the blue sky and unforgiving sun. In the middle of this arena stood a gladiator, with a shield the size of his body and a sword twice as long. He pounded the sword into his shield and screamed back at the crowd. The crowd screamed back at the gladiator.</p>

<p>&#8220;Today!&#8221; the gladiator beckoned. &#8220;We will no longer be afraid!&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin was immediately afraid. The candles that he followed fell to the ground. He was standing in the middle of the gladiator's arena.</p>

<p>The audience of thousands jumped as the gladiator gestured every direction, including a momentary glance directly at Benjamin. Benjamin slowly walked backwards and hid behind a door from which he could observe without being seen.</p>

<p>The gladiator ran around the arena waving a blue, yellow, and orange flag three stories high. The crowd loved every moment of it. Many threw flowers upon the ground. Many waved signs with pictures of the gladiator on them. Others whistled loudly.</p>

<p>As the gladiator returned to the center of the stadium, thunder broke out in the distance. The gladiator looked in the direction of the noise and raised both his shield and sword into the air. The crowd erupted in excitement for reasons Benjamin did not understand.</p>

<p>Thunder clapped again, closer to the arena. The gladiator yelled back and the audience erupted again.</p>

<p>Thunder clapped once more and Benjamin realized it was not thunder at all. It was a monstrous, skinny red dragon breathing fire into the bright blue sky. When it landed on the ground, everything shook like it would during an earthquake.</p>

<p>The heroic gladiator grabbed the dragon by its tail and swung it around and around. He ran to the beast's head and wrapped the dragon's jaw with thick rope, preventing it from doing any harm to anyone. The audience loved every moment of it.</p>

<p>&#8220;This is our land!&#8221; the gladiator yelled as he directed the dragon to fly away.</p>

<p>Benjamin's eyes were wide and his jaw was low. He did not know where he was but if there were dinosaurs, gladiators, and dragons, he decided that he made the correct decision to skip school that day.</p>

<p>As he leaned forward to try to get a better view of the gladiator flying the dragon around the arena, something brushed his shoulders again. But this time, Benjamin was pulled backwards by something he couldn't see.</p>

</div>

</body>

</html>
