<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
   "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" />
<title>Chapter 23 Glass Castle</title>
</head>

<body lang="EN-US" style="tab-interval:.5in">

<div>

<h1 id="chapter23" class="page-break-before"><span class="chapter-number">Chapter 23</span><br/><span class="chapter chapter-description"> Glass Castle</span></h1>

<p class="introduction">They walked for several hours before they saw the glass castle in the distance. Barnaby still didn't think it was Aloysius Trenhaile's castle but Benjamin was hopeful that someone there would be able to tell them where Aloysius Trenhaile lived. He knew he was close. He just didn't know how much further he needed to go. And with Selma at his side, he began to feel more confident that he would get there. He knew Selma wanted the same thing that he wanted. They wanted to stop their nightmares. They wanted to dream again. And in order to do so, they had to conquer their own fears.  They needed to defeat Aloysius Trenhaile and rescue King Bernard Zwirn.</p>

<p>&#8220;Are you ready to see another castle?&#8221; Selma asked Benjamin quietly.</p>

<p>&#8220;Of course,&#8221; Benjamin said. &#8220;I'm always up for adventure.&#8221;</p>

<p>Ahead of them, a large glass drawbridge much thicker and taller than the one at Castle Ehtahl stretched across a moat of chipped red glass. The walls, too, were a blue glass that offered a view into what was hidden behind them. Through the wall, Benjamin saw that everything else was made of glass of varying colors. This was the castle he had seen from the distance. It was a castle made entirely of glass.</p>

<p>&#8220;This isn't Aloysius Trenhaile's castle,&#8221; Benjamin said.</p>

<p>&#8220;No. If this were Aloysius Trenhaile's castle, all of the glass would be broken,&#8221; Chesterfield added.</p>

<p>&#8220;I've heard about this,&#8221; Myrna said. &#8220;This is Castle Ehtsetra. This is where daydreams come from.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;How do you know?&#8221; Benjamin asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;I met someone from here once. I gave her some maps,&#8221; Myrna said. &#8220;It turns out those maps I gave her were not accurate. I hope she's OK right now.&#8221;</p>

<p>A figure moved back and forth on the other side of the drawbridge, pacing like a guard and looking through the glass at Benjamin. He did not seem thrilled to see visitors. Benjamin, however, was excited to see him.</p>

<p>On their side of the moat, Benjamin saw a blue button that looked like a doorbell. He moved his hand to press it because that's what he did whenever he saw a button. But as soon as he moved close to it, Myrna jumped in front of him and gave him an unsatisfied look.</p>

<p>&#8220;There's a certain way that you push a doorbell,&#8221; Myrna said. &#8220;Each way you push the doorbell tells the guard on the other side where you come from. And if you don't push the doorbell in any kind of recognizable way, he'll assume you're a nightmare or some other evil thing.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;How do you push the doorbell?&#8221; Selma asked curiously.</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, we are going to act as delivery people. We don't want to raise any suspicions about what we're doing here. We'll be delivery, um, news,&#8221; Myrna said. &#8220;So, it'll be tap, tap, long, tap, long, tap.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;So these are secret passwords?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Not really,&#8221; Myrna said as she approached the doorbell. &#8220;It's just that evil villains can't be bothered to slow down and think about anything for a little bit. They know the patterns. Evil is just always in a hurry for whatever reason. They never stop and take their time.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin watched Myrna tap the button, tap it again, press it for a long time, and then tap, long, and tap. The guard on the other side of the glass stopped marching back and forth and appeared to put his hands on the glass drawbridge to try to see who was on the other side. A muffled noise came out of the blue button that seemed unintelligible at first.</p>

<p>&#8220;Who goes there?&#8221; said the guard from the other side.</p>

<p>&#8220;Delivery!&#8221; Myrna said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Delivery? There are no deliveries on Saturdays.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;It's a special delivery.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;What are you delivering?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;We are delivering news.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;We have plenty of news, thank you. What kind of news?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;<i>New</i> news!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm sure we've heard it already.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You couldn't have. It's <i>new</i> news.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;There is no news on the weekends.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;We're a few days late. It should have been Thursday but we had to make sure we had our facts right.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;So this is <i>late</i> news?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;It's late news for us but it's still <i>new</i> news for you.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;What is this news?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;We can't tell you.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Why not?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Because then it would no longer be <i>new</i> news. It would be old news and no one wants old news. That's history.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;To whom are you delivering the <i>new</i> news?&#8221;</p>

<p>Myrna paused and thought for a moment. Benjamin wanted to help her but he didn't know what her plan was. He had no idea who should receive the news. It seemed like it could be anyone, he thought.</p>

<p>&#8220;The news is for the queen!&#8221; Myrna shouted.</p>

<p>The drawbridge jolted and then slowly leaned forward as smoothly and gracefully as a massive sheet of glass could move. It glimmered in the sun, reflecting different shades of blue and orange. It was the most beautiful bridge Benjamin had ever seen. And as it lowered further, he saw that Selma was grinning. She must be excited to go inside as well, he thought. But just as the drawbridge was about to come to a stop, it jolted two inches. It hit the base and shattered into a thousand pieces. The sound reminded Benjamin of when he broke a light bulb in the basement while throwing tennis balls to Jupiter. Everyone's eyes stared as all of the pieces of the bridge fell into the moat below. The guard on the other side, too, was shocked by what had just happened. He stood with his hands in the air in disbelief.</p>

<p>&#8220;You must be kidding!&#8221; he shouted.</p>

<p>&#8220;Do you have another bridge?&#8221; Selma shouted back.</p>

<p>&#8220;No, this is the only one. It makes sense that it would break. We've never had to lower the bridge before. No one ever comes here except for the nightmares. I don't think we ever tested it. A glass bridge? Who were we kidding? That was going to shatter the moment we tried to use it. Like now. It shattered. There's a million pieces in the moat!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Is there any other way to get into the castle?&#8221; Benjamin shouted.</p>

<p>&#8220;Nope, there's no other way. You're going to have to come back. Or, you can wait there. But, it'll probably take months so I don't think you want to wait there for months.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;We are not waiting here for months,&#8221; Myrna said with disgust.</p>

<p>&#8220;What are we going to do? Should we just leave?&#8221; Benjamin asked his friends.</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, Benjamin, there <i>is</i> a way to get to the door,&#8221; Chesterfield said. &#8220;It's like I told you last time. You can imagine that we cross this moat and if your imagination is strong enough, we'll surely make it.&#8221;</p>

<p>Chesterfield pushed Benjamin toward the edge of the cliff where the bridge was to begin. Benjamin saw that the moat was much deeper than he had imagined. He could barely see the remains of the glass bridge below.</p>

<p>&#8220;Close your eyes,&#8221; Chesterfield said.</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't know, Chesterfield. That's a long way down,&#8221; Benjamin said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Trust me. Do you trust me?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, I guess I trust you.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm not going to let you fall. I'm going to teach you how to walk across air.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, I guess I trust you.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You have to trust me. If you don't trust me, you're going to fall into the abyss.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm not sure I like this,&#8221; Myrna said softly.</p>

<p>&#8220;I know I wasn't nice to you before, Myrna. But, I promise I'm better than that. I'm really not that bad. I was just in a bad situation. I was only thinking of myself. But now, I'm trying not to think of myself. I'm trying to help Benjamin. I want to help him find the king,&#8221; Chesterfield said to Myrna.</p>

<p>&#8220;Fine,&#8221; Myrna said with an almost visible smile in her eyes.</p>

<p>&#8220;OK, I trust you, Chesterfield,&#8221; Benjamin said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Close your eyes and take a deep breath,&#8221; Chesterfield said. Instinctively, everyone else closed their eyes and took a deep breath. The guard on the other side of the moat stared at them with his arms crossed. &#8220;Imagine there's a bridge in front of you. It's a wooden bridge. It's older and many people have crossed it before. Light brown wooden beams stretch all the way along its floor from where we're standing to the edge of the castle. A breeze blows leaves into the air and you watch them tumble across the ground. Now, Benjamin, what else do you see?&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin paused for a moment and thought about what Chesterfield described. He saw the covered red bridge before him and thought that it might be real. It was always at this moment that Benjamin recognized that he was imagining something. And, he knew, he needed to stop thinking about imagining. He needed to let himself go. He took another deep breath and let his mind fall further into the bridge.</p>

<p>&#8220;There's a bird's nest in the ceiling of the bridge, about halfway down. It's been there for a while and isn't used any more. The wind tries to blow it away but it stays strong. It doesn't fall over. There are several windows in the bridge that are framed in white against the red walls. As I walk forward, the wood creaks very lightly below me,&#8221; Benjamin said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin,&#8221; Chesterfield said very gently and slowly. &#8220;Can we come with you?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, everyone steps forward and the bridge moans a little bit. We take another step and the wood creaks again. And after another step, the bridge has given up moaning. It lets us walk across it. Barnaby stares at all of the wooden beams in the ceiling while Chesterfield runs ahead to see the bird's nest. Selma skips across the bridge to the other side and Myrna runs ahead and follows behind her. I'm about halfway across the bridge when I look at the ground to see all the lines in the wooden floor. Everyone else walks to the end of the bridge and then I slowly walk there, too. We're on the other side. We crossed the red wooden bridge,&#8221; Benjamin said.</p>

<p>Benjamin felt arms grab him from all sides. He opened his eyes and saw that all his friends were jumping around him with excitement. He didn't see a wooden bridge. He saw the moat below. But, he was on the other side of it. He was standing next to the guard who had his arms on his side and his head twisted to his left.</p>

<p>&#8220;What in all that is good was that?&#8221; the guard yelled.</p>

<p>&#8220;That was amazing, Benjamin,&#8221; Selma said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin, you're getting much better at this,&#8221; Chesterfield said. &#8220;Soon, you'll be able to imagine whatever you'd like.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I still don't understand how I was able to do that,&#8221; Benjamin said.</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't understand either!&#8221; the guard yelled.</p>

<p>&#8220;You imagined it,&#8221; Chesterfield said. &#8220;Everyone is creative. Everyone has the ability to dream. You've got such a great imagination that you can make it real!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;That was really amazing, Benjamin,&#8221; Selma said. &#8220;You do have a pretty good imagination.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;So,&#8221; the guard said abruptly. &#8220;You have <i>new</i> news?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, sir!&#8221; Myrna said. &#8220;Hope you don't have to be the one to clean up all the broken glass.&#8221;</p>

<p>They walked inside the castle. There were glass roads and glass trees and glass chairs and glass sidewalks. There were glass trains and glass skyscrapers and glass cars driven by otherwise normal looking people. It was nearly ten times as populous as Castle Ehtahl and one skyscraper in particular appeared to soar so high into the blue sky so as to touch the sun.</p>

<p>&#8220;That's where we're headed,&#8221; Myrna said as she watched Benjamin and Selma's eyes look higher and higher.</p>

<p>Barnaby and Chesterfield nudged Benjamin forward. They walked among the hundreds of people moving to and fro. Each of the citizens had expressionless faces, their eyes hidden by dark sunglasses. Many people carried glass briefcases and just about everyone was wearing white clothing except for an occasional person wearing blue.</p>

<p>&#8220;Where are we going?&#8221; Benjamin asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;The queen is the only person who knows where the nightmare castle is,&#8221; Myrna said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Why is she the only one?&#8221; Selma asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;The fewer people who know anything about nightmares, the better,&#8221; Barnaby added.</p>

<p>They walked to an elevated tram station and joined the lines of people waiting for the next train. When it arrived, it was made of nothing but bright green glass and it slid across an orange glass railway. They rode the train for a half an hour, moving throughout the city and stopping at various elevated train stations along the way. The glass structures allowed Benjamin to see into buildings that would have been impossible when they were made of steel or brick. He saw people on different floors interacting with their surroundings as if they were walking on air. And for all of the transparency throughout the buildings and structures and benches and cars, the people were as quiet and still as possible. No one uttered a word to anyone else and no one seemed capable of a smile. They all looked like cloned models of each other, walking around a pristine glass environment as quietly as possible.</p>

<p>&#8220;How&mdash;&#8221; Benjamin began to ask in the train car. As soon as he opened his mouth, he saw every face in the train turn in his direction. Selma looked at him and put her finger to her lips.</p>

<p>They exited at the next station that led them to the skyscraper at the center of the town. Hundreds of other people were entering the building as well.</p>

<p>&#8220;No one says anything here,&#8221; he whispered to Myrna. &#8220;How do people communicate if they cannot speak to one another?&#8221; </p>

<p>&#8220;Did you hear that echo when you said one word?&#8221; she responded. &#8220;Imagine if everyone were to talk at once. Our ears would explode with the noise. There would be so much sound it would be painful to hear.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;So no one talks?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;They do. But, they're very careful with what they say because sounds bounce off the glass loudly. They choose their words wisely.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Seems like a difficult way to live,&#8221; Benjamin said as they walked to the front desk.</p>

<p>&#8220;Or it's as difficult as living in a place where everyone says whatever they want but no one hears it.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I guess that's the same thing,&#8221; Benjamin said as he looked upwards and wondered how many floors he could see. It seemed that the people here had to be smart about what they said. He had not been in an environment before that required such behavior.</p>

<p>At the front desk, a woman wearing a white jacket had long, bushy red hair on her head which she moved from side to side in a jerky motion. Benjamin wondered how she did not hurt her neck. She was moving her head so quickly. It almost seem unnatural.</p>

<p>&#8220;Hello, may I help you?&#8221; the lady asked with a gentle, bouncy tone.</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes,&#8221; Myrna responded. &#8220;What floor is the queen's office?&#8221;</p>

<p>Every person in the lobby stopped and looked in Myrna's direction. The lady at the front desk stopped moving her head from side to side and stared at Myrna with a surprised expression. Benjamin could hear his heart beat among the silence of everything around him. No one moved. No one said anything. Everyone waited.</p>

<p>&#8220;My dear,&#8221; the lady asked as she signaled to everyone else in the lobby to carry along. &#8220;Why do you want to go to see the queen?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;We have news!&#8221; Myrna said as she pointed to Benjamin, Selma, Chesterfield, and Barnaby.</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh!&#8221; the lady responded. &#8220;That's great! I thought for a second that you wanted to leave!&#8221;</p>

<p>The lady laughed with a sound Benjamin thought was much louder than the woman was capable of making. She heaved her head back and forth as she pounded her fist into the glass table. Others in the lobby began to laugh and then more people began to pound their fists into tables. At that moment, Benjamin heard what it was for everyone in a glass room to make a loud noise at once. It was both deafening and painful. He and Selma had their hands to their ears until it stopped.</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes,&#8221; she said. &#8220;Please! You must deliver your news! I hope it's <i>new</i> news because if it's old news, you know the queen won't be happy.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Our news is new,&#8221; Benjamin said quickly.</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, then,&#8221; the lady answered. &#8220;I suppose you had better be on your way. It's floor two hundred and eighty-eight on your right. And, please be quiet along the way. We're busy here and we can't have noise for the sake of noise.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin felt out of place. He did not know how people could live in an environment that had such strict rules around noise and dress. It felt stifling. It felt unnatural. It felt like he was in a glass container. When they stepped into the glass elevator, he saw that the two hundred and eighty-eighth floor was the highest floor.</p>

<p>&#8220;I hope the queen doesn't kill us,&#8221; Barnaby said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Our news is new,&#8221; Myrna said. &#8220;Hopefully.&#8221; </p>

</div>

</body>

</html>
