<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
   "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" />
<title>Chapter 10 Kidnapping</title>
</head>

<body lang="EN-US" style="tab-interval:.5in">

<div>

<h1 id="chapter10" class="page-break-before"><span class="chapter-number">Chapter 10</span><br/><span class="chapter chapter-description"> Kidnapping</span></h1>

<p class="introduction">&#8220;Psst,&#8221; Benjamin heard a nearby voice. &#8220;You awake?&#8221;</p>

<p>The voice belonged to none other than Ralph Eden, who Benjamin had become accustomed to knowing as the other boy in the dormitory who did not sleep at night. Ralph frequently used his flashlight to read books that were prohibited on school grounds. The only books the students were allowed to read during their personal time were books that had been written with incredible creativity and imagination. Books that downplayed excitement and fun were prohibited. They were the equivalent of poisoning the brain, King Bernard Zwirn told them. They belonged to the nightmares.</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes,&#8221; Benjamin said without moving. &#8220;I'm usually awake.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Why don't you sleep?&#8221; Ralph asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't know how to sleep here,&#8221; Benjamin replied. As the words left his mouth, he realized this was true. When he was home, he could easily prepare himself to sleep by imagining his favorite dreams. But here, he was forgetting them and was unable to prepare himself to sleep. He couldn't save the world from Professor Undutois.</p>

<p>&#8220;It takes a while to get used to not being able to dream,&#8221; Ralph said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Not being able to dream?&#8221; Benjamin rolled to his side and stared into further darkness. &#8220;You can't dream?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I could months ago but I haven't had a dream since the dream machine stopped working. My dreams were amazing. I was conquering land after land and building bigger and bigger castles.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;What happened? When did you stop dreaming?&#8221; Benjamin asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;I didn't choose to stop dreaming. When our dream machine broke and we learned we only had a limited supply of dreams left, everyone in the castle had to give up their dreams.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You gave up dreaming?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yep. And, that's why you can't dream either,&#8221; Ralph said. &#8220;There's no more dreaming here. No more dreams until the machine is fixed. King Zwirn has been searching for whoever broke it for months. He still can't find the nightmare responsible for ruining everything.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;So, why don't you just fix the machine?&#8221;</p>

<p>Ralph laughed and Steven Wazen on the other side of the dormitory shushed to tell him to be quiet. Steven could sleep as well as all the other students in the room.</p>

<p>&#8220;We can't just fix the machine,&#8221; Ralph said. &#8220;If we could fix it, don't you think we would have fixed it?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, I guess. I would hope that would be the case.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Right. We can't fix it because it's broken and there's a piece missing.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin knew the appropriate question to ask next but decided to let silence handle the conversation because he did not want to be seen as dumb.</p>

<p>&#8220;So, your next question,&#8221; Ralph continued. &#8220;Must be why don't we just make another piece.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes,&#8221; Benjamin answered.</p>

<p>&#8220;And the answer to that question is that the dream machine has over one hundred thousand pieces. We do not know which piece is missing, at least that's what the parents in town tell us.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You don't believe them?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;It's not that I don't believe them. But, if this machine has been here for centuries, surely someone must have written down all of the pieces.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Maybe there is a blueprint for how to make another one,&#8221; Benjamin suggested without really knowing what he was saying.</p>

<p>&#8220;There is,&#8221; Ralph replied quickly. &#8220;But, Aloysius has it.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Aloysius!&#8221; Benjamin said loudly. Steven Wazen on the other end of the room shushed more loudly than he had earlier. Benjamin lowered his voice and in tandem, tried to lower his enthusiasm for learning more. &#8220;Who is Aloysius?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;We don't talk about it,&#8221; Ralph said between his teeth.</p>

<p>&#8220;Everyone keeps saying that,&#8221; Benjamin said. &#8220;But, I don't understand why.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;If you knew why, you would understand why we don't talk about it.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin rolled onto his back and continued to stare into the darkness. He thought about Aloysius Trenhaile over and over and over. Without any details to create him in his mind, he tried to imagine what a person would look like that everyone else would not want to talk about. The only person that came to mind was Howard Horne. And, Benjamin decided, not thinking about anything was much better than thinking about Howard Horne.</p>

<p>Footsteps slowly made their way closer and closer to Benjamin's bed until a figure stood at the end.</p>

<p>&#8220;You guys have to be quiet,&#8221; Steven Wazen said with disgust. &#8220;Just because you can't sleep, doesn't mean we can't.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Sorry,&#8221; Benjamin said quickly. &#8220;We'll be quiet.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Were you dreaming?&#8221; Ralph asked with a smirk.</p>

<p>&#8220;I was dreaming of dreaming,&#8221; Steven replied with a laugh.</p>

<p>As Steven returned to his bunk, Benjamin closed his eyes and decided that although he was happy not being at school, he wanted to be able to dream. He decided he would ask King Bernard Zwirn how he could help fix the dream machine in the morning. Maybe, Benjamin thought, he learned something from his father making repairs to their house.</p>

<p>The lights in the dormitory flickered on and off until they stayed on. Benjamin looked at the large clock on the wall and noticed that it was four o'clock in the morning. It was two and a half hours earlier than they normally woke up. The lights never turned on before it was time to start the day.</p>

<p>All of the boys sat on their beds and looked at the clock with even more worry than Benjamin had. They glanced at each other and every one of them had an identical curl in the brow, mirroring each other's confusion.</p>

<p>&#8220;Have to wake up!&#8221; a brash voice yelled at the end of the dormitory. &#8220;Have to wake up now!&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin saw Noel Jaffin standing in the doorway with heavy armor covering his body. He looked like a heavy, metal cube. And although the sight of a metal cube person was rather funny, Benjamin was a little unnerved that everyone else was unnerved. Noel Jaffin did not wake up the boys. That was Miss Lindenmeyer's responsibility. And when Miss Lindenmeyer woke up the boys, she did not appear dressed in armor. Noel Jaffin was not prepared for a day of learning. He was prepared for battle.</p>

<p>&#8220;Wake up! Wake up! Wake up!&#8221; he said as he pounded his short legs back and forth into the ground.</p>

<p>Slowly, boy by boy arose and changed.</p>

<p>&#8220;Hurry!&#8221; Noel Jaffin yelled to the young children. &#8220;This is not a drill!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;A drill?&#8221; Benjamin said aloud.</p>

<p>&#8220;We were told a day like this might happen,&#8221; Ralph said with a tiny feeling of exhaustion. &#8220;I guess today is that day.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;What might happen?&#8221; Benjamin said. &#8220;What's going on?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Just follow orders,&#8221; Ralph replied. &#8220;And, you probably will be fine.&#8221;</p>

<p>The boys lined up and Noel Jaffin checked their names on a sheet of paper on a clipboard as they passed him. Noel Jaffin had to stretch his neck backwards in order to see which child was which. As usual, Benjamin was last.</p>

<p>&#8220;I've decided that I'd like to help King Bernard Zwirn,&#8221; Benjamin said as if Noel could somehow make this a reality.</p>

<p>&#8220;You're not going to help King Bernard Zwirn,&#8221; Noel Jaffin said quickly.</p>

<p>&#8220;But, I'd like to speak with King Bernard Zwirn about the dream machine,&#8221; Benjamin continued.</p>

<p>&#8220;You're not going to talk to King Bernard Zwirn about the dream machine,&#8221; Noel Jaffin said angrily.</p>

<p>&#8220;OK, when can I talk with him?&#8221; Benjamin asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;He's gone.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin stopped. All of the boys in the line stopped. It was worse news that any of them had thought they would hear.</p>

<p>&#8220;What do you mean, gone?&#8221; Steven asked forcefully.</p>

<p>&#8220;I mean that King Bernard Zwirn has been kidnapped. I am here to take you to your class. No more questions. Silence while we walk,&#8221; Noel Jaffin said as he marched to the front of the line.</p>

<p>They marched at a slower pace from hallway to hallway in complete silence. But despite not being able to hear the thoughts of the other children, Benjamin could feel that something had gone so wrong that these otherwise happy and energetic children had suddenly become scared and concerned.</p>

<p>As they made their way past the classroom, Noel Jaffin led them to another hallway decorated with paintings on all walls, ceilings, and even the floor. Benjamin stepped carefully from painting to painting of old men and women who lived in this castle before. And oddly, each expression on their face looked direr than the expressions he had noticed on their faces earlier.</p>

<p>Noel reached a painting of a woman wrapped in a red flag on a white horse against a background of tan rocks that matched tan clouds. She pointed to the top left hand corner of the canvas. And that was where Noel Jaffin punched his fist through the canvas and pulled on a hidden lever, revealing an old circular staircase leading down below.</p>

<p>Each of the boys filed one after the other while Noel Jaffin, again, checked their names against a piece of paper on a clipboard. Benjamin, again, was the last to depart but he decided this time that it was not in his best interest to ask Noel any other questions. Instead, he wondered how many other secret passageways existed in this castle. And, he wondered how many other secrets there were in general.</p>

<p>As he stepped down each curved stair, he descended several floors below the ground. It was dark, lit only by candles on the walls, mounted against cold rocks that were moist from whatever rainwater had fallen below. After having turned six or seven times, Benjamin found himself at the opening of a massive, cavernous room that looked like it could hold thousands of people. There were people everywhere.</p>

<p>In front of him, Miss Lindenmeyer stood with the girls from the class. As Miss Lindenmeyer welcomed the boys to join the girls, Selma Applebaum took a step forward. Benjamin knew, before she said anything, that she was the angriest of everyone in the room.</p>

<p>&#8220;This is all Benjamin's fault!&#8221; she screamed.</p>

</div>

</body>

</html>
