<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
   "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" />
<title>Chapter 15 Blamed</title>
</head>

<body lang="EN-US" style="tab-interval:.5in">

<div>

<h1 id="chapter15" class="page-break-before"><span class="chapter-number">Chapter 15</span><br/><span class="chapter chapter-description"> Blamed</span></h1>

<p class="introduction">&#8220;Noel!&#8221; Benjamin yelled as Noel Jaffin drove a vehicle only slightly larger than his body to Benjamin. His car looked like a square, metal box in which Noel occupied just about the entire space. Once he parked, he leveraged all of his weight to get out of the vehicle like an elephant trying to squeeze itself out of a refrigerator.</p>

<p>&#8220;What is it, Benjamin?&#8221; a sweaty Noel answered as he brushed the dust from his pants.</p>

<p>&#8220;Noel, I found something that could help me and help Castle Ehtahl and probably get King Bernard Zwirn and Selma back,&#8221; Benjamin said as he gripped the missing piece in his pocket. He didn't know what it could do. But, he thought the dream machine would transform the castle and drive away the nightmares once again.</p>

<p>&#8220;Right. Right. I've heard this before. Let's just get you to the police station so we can figure out what to do with you next.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You don't understand. This could answer all of our problems. The mystery of the missing piece of the dream machine is over,&#8221; Benjamin said as he opened his hand to reveal the missing object.</p>

<p>Noel did not look convinced. He crossed his arms and tightened his lips, ultimately ending his bored performance with a heavy sigh. He picked the piece from Benjamin's hand and inspected it from every angle.</p>

<p>&#8220;This is scrap,&#8221; he said as he tossed it over his shoulder.</p>

<p>Benjamin ran after it and caught it before it hit the ground. If the missing piece broke, then the dream machine certainly would not work.</p>

<p>&#8220;Noel, this is the missing piece. We can put it in the dream machine and it'll start working again.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;How are you so sure? This is scrap metal. This doesn't mean anything.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Can't we at least try?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Try what?&#8221; Steven Wazen said from behind Benjamin.</p>

<p>Benjamin did not know how long Steven Wazen had been standing behind him or how much he had heard. At that moment, Benjamin wanted to focus only on getting this metal component into the dream machine. He was worried that Steven Wazen might distract from this goal.</p>

<p>&#8220;Nothing, Steven,&#8221; Noel Jaffin said in response. &#8220;Just another person among hundreds of thousands thinking they are special enough to have found the missing piece of the dream machine.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;He thinks he's found the missing piece to the dream machine?&#8221; Steven Wazen asked as he stood immediately next to Benjamin. He had a skeptical expression that made Benjamin's stomach clench. &#8220;How long have you had it?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;How long have I have it?&#8221; Benjamin asked with a startle. &#8220;I've only just found it. I found it in the market. We have to see if it fits because this could answer all of our problems.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Can I see it?&#8221; Steven Wazen asked.</p>

<p>Benjamin paused. He did not want to give it to anyone else after having watched Noel Jaffin carelessly toss it over his shoulder.</p>

<p>&#8220;Come on,&#8221; Steven Wazen continued. &#8220;Let me see it.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin stared into Steven Wazen's eyes and then glanced at the ground. Before he could hide the piece, Noel Jaffin let out a loud groan and yanked it from Benjamin's hands.</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't understand kids these days,&#8221; Noel Jaffin said to himself as he gave Steven Wazen the component. &#8220;Here. Here is the scrap metal.&#8221;</p>

<p>Steven Wazen inspected it in exactly the same way Noel Jaffin had just examined it. But unlike Noel Jaffin, Steven Wazen's expression became more and more intrigued and curious. It was as if he was understanding something that Benjamin could not see.</p>

<p>&#8220;It's scrap metal,&#8221; Steven Wazen said quickly.</p>

<p>&#8220;I knew it,&#8221; Noel Jaffin said. &#8220;Now, Benjamin, let's get a move on.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Can I have it back?&#8221; Benjamin asked Steven Wazen who still held the metal piece.</p>

<p>&#8220;I'll dispose of it for you,&#8221; Steven Wazen said as he put it in his pocket and quickly ran away.</p>

<p>&#8220;There,&#8221; Noel Jaffin said. &#8220;That was really nice of him to offer to get rid of it for you.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin was upset. He wanted to run after Steven Wazen but the boy had already become hidden by the crowd in the marketplace.</p>

<p>&#8220;Noel, that was the missing piece!&#8221; Benjamin said in complete disbelief. &#8220;He took the missing piece for the dream machine!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;It's scrap metal, Benjamin. You're not the first person to claim to have found the missing piece. You're actually the seventeenth person who claims to have found one today. Or, eighteenth. I'm not sure. The sooner we get you to the station, the sooner we'll know what number you are,&#8221; Noel Jaffin said as he ushered Benjamin to the small car. &#8220;Now, we're going to both fit inside here. You get in first.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin looked at Noel Jaffin with disapproval. There was no room for anyone else in this car once Noel Jaffin was inside it.</p>

<p>It was the most uncomfortable car ride that Benjamin had ever experienced, his face squashed between the window and Noel Jaffin's hot, squishy belly. His legs were on top of each other and he couldn't move his arms. When they arrived in the station's parking lot, Benjamin felt like his body had been damaged in every place. It was excruciating and upon seeing Rodney Cohen at the station, embarrassing.</p>

<p>&#8220;What are you doing here?&#8221; Benjamin asked Rodney as he tried to straighten himself out.</p>

<p>&#8220;I was arrested,&#8221; Rodney said with a laugh.</p>

<p>&#8220;Really?&#8221; Benjamin asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;No,&#8221; he said. &#8220;I'm looking for my sister.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Noel told me she's missing.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;She is,&#8221; Rodney replied. &#8220;Noel asked me to stop in the station to talk to some of the other guards.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Do you know where she is? &#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;No,&#8221; he said. &#8220;But, I have a good idea who is responsible for this.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Who?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;For your own safety, you should hide. Thalia Nachamie might try to kick you out of the castle or have you kidnapped like Selma's been kidnapped.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;What's outside the castle? Selma was kidnapped?&#8221; Benjamin exclaimed.</p>

<p>&#8220;I think so. Benjamin, she likes you a lot. It may not seem that way but she can't stop talking about you. If you hear from her, please let me know that she's fine. And whatever you do, don't leave the castle. It's not safe out there.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin,&#8221; Noel Jaffin called from his office on the other end of the station. &#8220;Get in here.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;See you later, Benjamin,&#8221; Rodney said as he left the station.</p>

<p>&#8220;Rodney, wait! I forgot to tell you&mdash;&#8221; he started to say but it was too late. He should have mentioned what he found.</p>

<p>Benjamin walked along the blue carpet lined with yellow desks and cubicles until he reached Noel Jaffin's office. The room was, sadly, only slightly larger than Noel Jaffin himself. Benjamin paused at the door, let out a large sigh, and then squeezed his way between a small space between the desk and a wall. There was only a little bit more room than there was in the car. Benjamin and Noel Jaffin sat face to face, only inches away from touching.</p>

<p>It was uncomfortable.</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin, we've got to find a way to hide you for a bit,&#8221; Noel Jaffin said.</p>

<p>Benjamin wanted to end this conversation as fast as possible so that he could leave the office.</p>

<p>&#8220;Sure, OK. Let's do it,&#8221; Benjamin said quickly.</p>

<p>&#8220;Alright, so I'll just arrest you and we'll put you in a jail cell for the time being. No one is going to bother you there.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Wait. Arrest me?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yep, I'll arrest you for assault or something. I'll tell people you hit me. Ouch!&#8221; Noel Jaffin said with a hearty chuckle. Benjamin could feel the heat of the laugh on his face. It was disgusting.</p>

<p>&#8220;Can't you just put me in a jail cell?&#8221; Benjamin asked. He couldn't believe he asked the question because he did not want to be in a jail cell at all. There must be a better option, he thought.</p>

<p>&#8220;No, no, no,&#8221; Noel Jaffin said while shaking his head. With each turn of his neck, Noel Jaffin almost hit Benjamin with his nose. &#8220;We can't put innocent people in the jail cells.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;But, I am innocent.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, but that's why I said I would tell people who you assaulted me.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;But, I haven't assaulted you.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;That's true. OK, hit me.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;What?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Hit me,&#8221; Noel Jaffin said as he squinted his eyes and lifted his shoulders in preparation of Benjamin hitting him.</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm not going to hit you!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Hit me!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;No!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Do it!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;No!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Punch me in the face!&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin wanted to punch Noel Jaffin in the face. But, he knew he couldn't do it. If he went to jail for a crime that he did in fact commit, he would be in even more trouble than he was now.</p>

<p>&#8220;No, I won't!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Fine,&#8221; Noel Jaffin said as he opened his eyes and relaxed his body. &#8220;I'll just tell people you punched me in the face.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;But, I didn't. Can't you put me somewhere other than a jail cell?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;There is no other place in this castle that is as safe and secure as our jail cells. No one will bother you there. The only other place is the zoo but I don't think you'll like it there.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;There's a zoo?&#8221; Benjamin asked with curiosity.</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, it's over&mdash;&#8221; Noel Jaffin began to say until a woman twice Noel Jaffin's size entered the doorway.</p>

<p>Benjamin swallowed hard. There was no more space in this office. He would be crushed if she wanted to sit inside the room as well.</p>

<p>&#8220;Noel, may I have a word with you?&#8221; the enormous square woman said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, boss, sure,&#8221; Noel Jaffin said to her. &#8220;Stay here, Benjamin.&#8221;</p>

<p>Noel Jaffin squeezed his way out of the office, crushing Benjamin between the desk and the wall. His body had not endured so much torture as it had from this large man in such small environments. Benjamin breathed heavily in an attempt to get his body back in order. The office walls had pictures and books that had been squashed like flies against white paint. A plant looked like it was flattened against the window and Noel Jaffin's chair looked like it had been through several battles. It was losing the war against Noel Jaffin's weight.</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin,&#8221; Noel Jaffin said as he reentered the doorway. &#8220;We have to go for a castle meeting.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;OK, I'll be here,&#8221; Benjamin said.</p>

<p>&#8220;No, you're coming along.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Are you sure that's a good idea?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;No, but I need to keep an eye on you.&#8221;</p>

<p>They walked to the plaza and as they approached, Benjamin saw the entire castle's population standing and sitting around while some workers scrambled to erect screens and speakers. Noel Jaffin did not have the same expression of worry that Miss Lindenmeyer had the last time Benjamin was here. Instead, he kept looking at his watch while shuffling a candy bar in his other hand.</p>

<p>&#8220;What is this for?&#8221; Benjamin asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't know exactly,&#8221; Noel Jaffin replied. &#8220;But, it better not get in the way of lunch.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;When is lunch?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;When isn't it lunch?&#8221; Noel Jaffin said with a hearty laugh. &#8220;Twenty minutes. Lunch is in twenty minutes.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin looked around the audience for someone he knew but like last time, did not see anyone. There was no Miss Lindenmeyer. No Rodney Cohen. No Selma Applebaum. And, no Steven Wazen or Ryan Eden.</p>

<p>Rather, there were strangers everywhere. And in unison, those strangers stood and jumped with excitement. A roar of cheers waved across the people as Benjamin looked to the balcony to see who was going to appear.</p>

<p>It was Thalia Nachamie. Benjamin expected him. Who else would it be?</p>

<p>But then, two more people stepped onto the balcony. Benjamin did not expect to see them. His heart slowed with a little worry.</p>

<p>It was Ryan Eden.</p>

<p>And behind Ryan Eden, it was Steven Wazen.</p>

<p>&#8220;What are they doing up there?&#8221; Benjamin muttered to himself.</p>

<p>&#8220;Quiet,&#8221; Noel Jaffin said as he nudged Benjamin. &#8220;We're going to find out if they've found King Bernard Zwirn.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;What do you mean? They wouldn't find King Bernard Zwirn. They're the reason King Bernard Zwirn is missing!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Quiet! Quiet!&#8221;</p>

<p>Thalia Nachamie hit his hand against the microphone three times, causing all of the speakers around the audience to pop in response. He leaned forward and with his long, crane-like nose hooking over the microphone began to speak.</p>

<p>&#8220;We have not found our beloved King Bernard Zwirn,&#8221; Thalia Nachamie said to the cries of the audience below. &#8220;But, our efforts are not in vain. We are continuing to search for him. We search in the night. We search in the day. We are searching all the time. And so, it is with my deep regret that I must inform all of you that the time has come to move on. We cannot keep searching for King Bernard Zwirn forever. It is with great courage that I tell you today that I must be made interim regent. It is not by my choosing, of course. It is to make sure that dreams are available to all that go to sleep at night. You see, without a king, this castle does not have a leader. And without a leader, there are no dreams. And, I must be that leader. Today, I present myself, King Thalia Nachamie, the leader of Castle Ehtahl.&#8221;</p>

<p>As Thalia Nachamie stopped talking, the crowd remained silent for a few seconds until Russell Fox began to clap. When Russell Fox clapped, people around him started to clap. And then, people around those people started to clap. And this persisted until the entire audience was clapping for Thalia Nachamie, their new king.</p>

<p>&#8220;My followers, I want to let you know that even though I am now King, that does not mean that we will stop looking for Bernard Zwirn. In fact, it is quite important that we continue searching for our friend. But good people, there is one person among all of you who is hindering our progress. There is one person among all of you who does not want us to find Bernard Zwirn. There is one person who is trying to steal from us.&#8221;</p>

<p>Gasps and whispers spread throughout the audience. Even Benjamin wondered what Thalia Nachamie was alluding to. If anyone was in the way of searching for King Bernard Zwirn, Benjamin thought, it was Thalia Nachamie.</p>

<p>&#8220;Only this morning, I was made aware of this.&#8221;</p>

<p>Thalia Nachamie turned around and Ryan Eden handed his father the missing piece of the dream machine that Benjamin had only hours earlier given away.</p>

<p>&#8220;That's the piece,&#8221; Benjamin told Noel Jaffin.</p>

<p>&#8220;The what?&#8221; Noel asked as he looked at his watch again.</p>

<p>&#8220;That's the missing piece of the dream machine that you said was scrap metal.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;It was scrap metal.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;It wasn't!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;It looked like any scrap metal I've ever seen.&#8221;</p>

<p>Noel Jaffin looked forward, squinting his eyes to see what Thalia Nachamie was holding.</p>

<p>&#8220;There is someone in this audience who had the missing piece of the dream machine all along,&#8221; Thalia Nachamie's voice echoed through the plaza. &#8220;This person did not want us to have it. This person kept it from all of us. This person kept it from you. He wanted to keep it for himself. He wanted to make sure the dream machine never worked.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;That was Russell Fox,&#8221; Benjamin whispered to Noel Jaffin. &#8220;That's who I saw put it in the market stand.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Shh, quiet down,&#8221; Noel Jaffin said to Benjamin. &#8220;I may have to make an arrest.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Someone in our castle is preventing us from making dreams. Someone has been putting us through turmoil all along. Someone wants to stop us from dreaming.&#8221;</p>

<p>The audience stirred.</p>

<p>&#8220;But my followers, I am proud to say that we have identified the person. And, we are going to exile him from our castle. He is no longer welcomed here and we will not have him among us any more.&#8221;</p>

<p>Cheers and applause echoed throughout the plaza. Benjamin strained his neck to see where Russell Fox was, but he was not standing in the same location as he was before. Benjamin looked everywhere to find the thief.</p>

<p>&#8220;That person will be punished! We will get back our dreams!&#8221;</p>

<p>The crowd screamed loudly.</p>

<p>&#8220;He will be removed! We will be stronger than ever!&#8221;</p>

<p>The crowd raised their fists in the air.</p>

<p>&#8220;He is no longer welcome here!&#8221; Thalia Nachamie raised his fist into the air as he finished each sentence. &#8220;We are going to be more powerful than ever!&#8221;</p>

<p>The crowd cheered. Benjamin swallowed hard.</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin Buckingham, I banish you from Castle Ehtahl!&#8221;</p>

</div>

</body>

</html>
