<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
   "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" />
<title>Chapter 27 Guard</title>
</head>

<body lang="EN-US" style="tab-interval:.5in">

<div>

<h1 id="chapter27" class="page-break-before"><span class="chapter-number">Chapter 27</span><br/><span class="chapter chapter-description"> Guard</span></h1>

<p class="introduction">As they all journeyed back to Castle Ehtahl, they retold stories of how they came to be together. King Bernard Zwirn listened as Myrna explained how she found Benjamin and how they were tricked by Barnaby. Barnaby and Chesterfield talked about Benjamin forgiving them and encouraging them to stand up to Aloysius Trenhaile. They talked about the glass castle and Benjamin defeating the nightmare. But most of the time, Myrna asked Selma questions about Benjamin.</p>

<p>&#8220;You don't know if you had butterflies the first time you saw him?&#8221; Myrna repeated.</p>

<p>&#8220;Myrna, when are you going to be a butterfly?&#8221; Benjamin asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;Soon!&#8221; she said with excitement.</p>

<p>When they returned to Castle Ehtahl's walls, Benjamin felt relief knowing that he had finally made it back. Selma and he were exhausted. Aloysius Trenhaile was still unconscious. Barnaby, Chesterfield, and Myrna were tired. But, King Bernard Zwirn seemed as energetic as possible.</p>

<p>&#8220;Before we go inside,&#8221; Benjamin said. &#8220;You should probably know that Thalia Nachamie is in charge.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Don't worry, Benjamin,&#8221; the king said. &#8220;I will clear up everything in the castle. Thalia Nachamie is not welcome in my castle. I'll get the missing piece of the dream machine back and turn it on.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;So,&#8221; Barnaby said slowly. Benjamin realized that the three animals didn't have anywhere to go. This was goodbye. They would continue to live outside the castle walls. &#8220;Should we....&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh!&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said. &#8220;Where are my manners? You three aren't going anywhere. You're going to live in Castle Ehtahl.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Really?&#8221; Myrna said with elation.</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, really. You should not be alone. You should be with us. I don't want you three feeling lonely any longer. You deserve to be treated very well after all that you've done for Benjamin and me,&#8221; King Bernard said firmly.</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't know what to say but thank you!&#8221; Chesterfield said.</p>

<p>King Bernard Zwirn turned and pounded on the castle wall as loudly as he could.</p>

<p>&#8220;Who is it?&#8221; Noel Jaffin asked on the other end.</p>

<p>&#8220;Noel, this is King Zwirn. Let me in.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Ah, I've been hearing that all week. Everyone's pretending to be King Zwirn. I'm King Zwirn. You're King Zwirn. We're all King Zwirn.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;What? Noel, this is King Zwirn. Let me in this instant.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh, right. And, I'm five feet tall and quite handsome.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin stepped forward and pounded on the door.</p>

<p>&#8220;Noel, let us in!&#8221; Benjamin yelled as loudly as he could.</p>

<p>There was a pause on the other end. Benjamin could hear feet shuffling around and then a ladder being rested against the door.</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin? Is that you?&#8221; Noel Jaffin whispered quickly.</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh, so you recognize Benjamin's voice but you don't recognize mine,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said as he rolled his eyes.</p>

<p>&#8220;Sorry about that, King Zwirn,&#8221; Noel Jaffin said as the doors to the castle began to open. &#8220;We've been getting so many visitors who claim to be you. Some of them sounded nearly identical to you.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;None of them did,&#8221; Cole said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, not exactly but they were certainly very close to how King Zwirn speaks,&#8221; Noel Jaffin defended himself.</p>

<p>&#8220;None of them were close,&#8221; Joel said with a long sigh.</p>

<p>&#8220;I didn't say exactly but I'm saying that they could have been mistaken for King Zwirn.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Noel, you need to get your ears checked,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said as he reentered his castle.</p>

<p>Benjamin followed behind and was so happy to be in a place that was closer to home. Selma walked at his side and Benjamin held her hand. He knew that she wanted to smile but that she was holding herself back. She was still trying to be tough.</p>

<p>Myrna, Barnaby, and Chesterfield entered the castle and King Bernard Zwirn stood with a hand gesturing for them to stop. He waved for them to come closer and slowly nodded his head.</p>

<p>&#8220;I can't let a huge chipmunk, a massive squirrel, and a tiny caterpillar roam my castle. Would you like to return to your original selves?&#8221; he asked with a smile.</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes!&#8221; Chesterfield screamed.</p>

<p>&#8220;It's been so long,&#8221; Barnaby said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, please,&#8221; Myrna replied.</p>

<p>King Bernard Zwirn closed his eyes and waved his arms around the three animals. Dust swirled around them and tiny flashes of light burst into the air. Benjamin stared in disbelief, unsure what he was about to see. King Bernard Zwirn waved his hands again and then brought them to rest at his side. The lights stopped flashing and the dust settled to the ground. In front of Benjamin stood three children. Chesterfield was a boy two years younger than Benjamin wearing a brown coat and jeans. Myrna was a girl his age wearing a flowery dress and a big white hat. And, Barnaby was a boy four years older than Benjamin wearing a baseball hat, a white shirt, and khaki shorts. They all examined their new selves and hugged King Bernard Zwirn.</p>

<p>&#8220;What just happened?&#8221; Benjamin asked with confusion.</p>

<p>&#8220;What?&#8221; Myrna asked with the same amount of confusion.</p>

<p>&#8220;Is he OK?&#8221; Chesterfield whispered to Barnaby.</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't know. He looks like he's in shock,&#8221; Barnaby said.</p>

<p>&#8220;You're people!&#8221; Benjamin said.</p>

<p>All three of them laughed at once.</p>

<p>&#8220;Of course we're people!&#8221; Myrna said with a smile.</p>

<p>&#8220;You're not animals?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Hey now! That's not nice,&#8221; Myrna said with a chuckle.</p>

<p>&#8220;Myrna, you were a caterpillar!&#8221; Benjamin defended.</p>

<p>&#8220;Was I?&#8221; she said with a laugh.</p>

<p>&#8220;Barnaby, you were a squirrel!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;A squirrel?&#8221; Barnaby asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;And, Chesterfield you were a chipmunk!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Wow, really?&#8221; Chesterfield said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Aloysius transformed them into animals,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Why?&#8221; Benjamin asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;It was a part of his nightmare scheme. Even I am not sure of his intentions,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn answered.</p>

<p>Noel Jaffin stumbled his way to King Bernard Zwirn's side. He was breathless as he tried to speak to the king.</p>

<p>&#8220;Where have you been?&#8221; Noel blurted.</p>

<p>&#8220;I was kidnapped, Noel,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said without looking at the sweaty guard. &#8220;But, now I'm back. And, I need to see Thalia Nachamie immediately.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Why of course,&#8221; Noel said. &#8220;I'll go find him. But, what are we going to do with Benjamin?&#8221;</p>

<p>King Bernard Zwirn stopped walking and turned his head slightly to the side.</p>

<p>&#8220;What do you mean what are we going to do with Benjamin?&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin saw that Noel was trying to keep the conversation between the king and himself. Noel moved closer to King Bernard Zwirn and stood on his toes to speak closer to the king's ear. King Bernard Zwirn didn't move so Noel tried to speak as quietly as possible, while watching Benjamin in the corner of his eye.</p>

<p>&#8220;He's a convicted villain,&#8221; Noel whispered.</p>

<p>&#8220;A convicted villain?&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn blurted.</p>

<p>&#8220;Sh! He's right there,&#8221; Noel whispered in a panic.</p>

<p>&#8220;What has he been convicted of?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Stealing.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;What has he stolen?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;He stole the missing piece of the dream machine.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;So, the dream machine now works?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, it could. It doesn't, though. After Benjamin left, Thalia Nachamie told us that since it had not been used in such a long period of time, it was impossible to figure out where the missing piece actually went.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;And Thalia Nachamie is the one who convicted Benjamin of stealing?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, of course.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;But, <i>Benjamin</i> didn't steal it.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Well,&#8221; Noel said slowly as he looked away shyly from Benjamin. &#8220;If you say so.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Noel, did anyone see Benjamin steal anything?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;No.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;And don't you think it is odd that Thalia Nachamie didn't fix the machine? He kicked Benjamin from the castle and then did nothing with the missing piece.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, that's not exactly true.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;What isn't true?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;He fled the other day. He said something about nightmares being destroyed,&#8221; Noel started to speak more slowly.</p>

<p>&#8220;They were,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said. &#8220;Thanks to Benjamin. I'm back in charge, Noel.&#8221;</p>

<p>Noel Jaffin nodded his head and saluted Benjamin. He then ran back to Cole and Joel to help them close the castle door. Miss Lindenmeyer and Rodney Cohen came running from the castle's plaza. They hugged Benjamin and Selma as tightly as they could when they arrived.</p>

<p>&#8220;We were so worried about you two,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer said. &#8220;I couldn't find you when Thalia Nachamie banished you from the castle. I looked everywhere.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;It's OK,&#8221; Benjamin said. &#8220;It all worked out.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm so glad,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer said as she hugged him again. &#8220;Selma, I'm so glad you're well. I was so worried about you.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm OK,&#8221; Selma said.</p>

<p>&#8220;It's that imagination, kid,&#8221; Rodney said as he shuffled Benjamin's hair. &#8220;You have an amazing sense of creativity.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said as he knelt down to the young boy. &#8220;You've done an amazing thing, Benjamin. No one else would have been able to do what you've done. You've given us the chance to dream again. You've stayed here a lot longer than you would've expected. I'm sorry about that. But, I think you've learned some things about yourself along the way. And now that everything is restored, I can finally send you home, Benjamin.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin observed the smiling faces staring at him. He felt so comfortable and so warm amongst these people. He especially felt at ease with Selma, Myrna, Barnaby, and Chesterfield. They were his friends, he realized.</p>

<p>&#8220;But,&#8221; Benjamin started to say. &#8220;I don't really want to leave anymore.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You don't want to leave?&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin,&#8221; Miss Lindenmeyer said. &#8220;You need to go back and take care of your parents. If we are going to continue to make dreams, we need people to <i>dream</i>. You have to dream.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin looked at the ground and wondered how he could go back home now. He had been through so much that had made him happier and braver than he was before. He was an entirely different person. He had friends. He was unafraid. He was comfortable. But, he thought of his parents. He knew he'd have to go home. His mother and father and Jupiter were probably worried. And, he missed them as well.</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin, it has been a pleasure,&#8221; Barnaby said as he extended his hand. Benjamin shook it and then Barnaby walked further into the castle.</p>

<p>&#8220;Thank you for everything,&#8221; Chesterfield said as he shook Benjamin's hand and then walked behind Barnaby.</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin,&#8221; Myrna said and then she began to cry. &#8220;Benjamin, this is not supposed to be the way it ends. You're supposed to be in love forever. You're supposed to be my friend forever. You're supposed to talk to me about your love forever!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Goodbye, Myrna,&#8221; Benjamin said. &#8220;I'm going to miss you.&#8221;</p>

<p>Myrna cried again and then walked next to Barnaby and Chesterfield. She was a beautiful butterfly, Benjamin thought.</p>

<p>&#8220;I didn't like you initially,&#8221; Selma said frankly.</p>

<p>&#8220;I knew that.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I really, really didn't like you.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, I know.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;But, you're not so bad.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Thanks,&#8221; Benjamin said.</p>

<p>Benjamin hugged her as hard as he could. He was hugging her so hard that he worried he had squeezed all of the air from her little body. He released her a little bit but when he felt Selma hug him back, he squeezed her again.</p>

<p>&#8220;I'll miss you,&#8221; she said quietly.</p>

<p>&#8220;I'll miss you, too,&#8221; he said.</p>

</div>

</body>

</html>
