<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
   "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" />
<title>Chapter 20 Deception</title>
</head>

<body lang="EN-US" style="tab-interval:.5in">

<div>

<h1 id="chapter20" class="page-break-before"><span class="chapter-number">Chapter 20</span><br/><span class="chapter chapter-description"> Deception</span></h1>

<p class="introduction">&#8220;Do you know how different the world looks when you're not seeing it at a hundred miles an hour?&#8221; Barnaby said as he walked next to Benjamin with Myrna on his shoulder.</p>

<p>They had been walking for the better part of the afternoon and the sun was beginning to set over a meadow of daffodils that stretched to the horizon. Benjamin knew that Myrna was not too excited about trusting Barnaby. But, Benjamin was willing to take a chance. If Barnaby knew someone that could take him to Aloysius Trenhaile's castle, then he could get there more quickly than if he was to find it on his own. He did not know how he could survive outside Castle Ehtahl for a long time.</p>

<p>&#8220;How much further is it, Barnaby?&#8221; Benjamin asked because his feet were getting tired. If he had more to eat, he wouldn't be so tired. But outside Castle Ehtahl, he had to rely on his book to choose which berries and fruits to eat.</p>

<p>&#8220;You're tired already?&#8221; Barnaby asked without slowing his pace.</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm just hungry.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Me too,&#8221; Myrna said. &#8220;All this travel has me wishing that we're heading for a big feast.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;That's not off, Myrna!&#8221; Barnaby said. Benjamin's eyes lit at the possibility of walking toward food. He thought how much he missed his mother's cooking and how he had taken it for granted.</p>

<p>&#8220;There's food ahead?&#8221; Benjamin asked, a little too eagerly.</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, you remember that favor I asked you? Well, you see my friend collect nuts. Walnuts, to be precise. And, you see he's got this problem where he can't chew very well anymore. So he's got all these walnuts but he can't eat them because he can't get the shells open. Do you think you could help him?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;He needs someone to open the walnuts for them?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, you see he can't do it himself. And there aren't just walnuts. There are all sorts of foods. I'm only interested in the walnuts but he's got more food than I ever knew existed.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Does he have tulips?&#8221; Myrna asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;I think he's got everything you could ever want. That's his home over there,&#8221; Barnaby said as he pointed to a tree standing alone in the middle of a meadow.</p>

<p>When they approached, Barnaby knocked on the outside of the trunk as hard as he could. The tree soared into the air like the dream machine inside Castle Ehtahl. It had thousands of branches, each branch with thousands of leaves. It looked almost as high as the mountains that towered in the distance.</p>

<p>Barnaby stood on his hind legs and knocked as loudly on the tree as he could.</p>

<p>&#8220;Chesterfield!&#8221; Barnaby said. &#8220;I found an answer to all of our, I mean your problems! It's time to eat, Chesterfield!&#8221;</p>

<p>The running inside the tree came to an abrupt stop. Barnaby took a couple steps back from the trunk and a door suddenly became visible in the tree.</p>

<p>&#8220;What do you want, Barnaby?&#8221; an unknown figure shouted from inside.</p>

<p>&#8220;Chesterfield, I've found our hero!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;What did you do with your bird?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;It flew away,&#8221; Barnaby said sadly.</p>

<p>&#8220;It flew away?&#8221; Chesterfield asked with disbelief.</p>

<p>&#8220;You had a bird?&#8221; Myrna asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;I had a bird,&#8221; Barnaby said with disbelief.</p>

<p>&#8220;Where did it go?&#8221; Myrna asked with curiosity. She ran from Benjamin's shoulder to the side of Barnaby. She leaned over and whispered loudly into his ear. &#8220;Was she your girlfriend?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;No, she wasn't my girlfriend.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh, love is so hard!&#8221; Myrna said as she clutched her heart and fell on her back.</p>

<p>&#8220;She was my transportation.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Love exists! It exists!&#8221; Myrna said as she jumped to her feet.</p>

<p>&#8220;But, she had to fly away,&#8221; Barnaby said quickly as Myrna grabbed his hand with warm affection.</p>

<p>&#8220;Why? Why did she have to leave?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I'd rather not talk about that right now,&#8221; Barnaby said slowly. &#8220;I promised Benjamin that I would find a way for him to go to where he needs to go.&#8221;</p>

<p>The door opened, a three foot by three foot door within the frame of a tree ten times that width. And standing within this relatively large door was the largest chipmunk Benjamin had ever seen. It was as tall as Barnaby and as wide as Benjamin.</p>

<p>&#8220;Why that's wonderful!&#8221; Chesterfield exclaimed with his arms stretched to his sides. &#8220;Barnaby, you should have told me.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I did tell you. This child is going to be our hero.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Let me get my walnuts!&#8221;</p>

<p>Chesterfield slammed the door closed and ran throughout the tree, shaking branches and leaves loose. Benjamin heard the sounds of musical instruments, construction noises, and loud engines as Chesterfield moved about. It was quite a large home but Chesterfield was a gigantic chipmunk. When the door swung open minutes later, Chesterfield appeared with five walnuts in his mouth and hands. He scooted across the grass and placed them at Benjamin's feet.</p>

<p>Benjamin couldn't believe his luck. There were only five walnuts. This would take him no time at all. He would help a starving chipmunk and be on his way in a matter of minutes.</p>

<p>He picked up the walnuts and examined each to see that they were ordinary. He knew how to open these shells because he had seen his parents open them many times before. All he had to do was find something hard to slam them against. And having learned his lesson in the forest, he wasn't about to slam the walnuts into the side of the tree.</p>

<p>He placed a rock between Barnaby and Chesterfield. They watched Benjamin's every move with increasing interest. Myrna kept looking at Barnaby and was hardly paying any attention to Benjamin. She seemed like she was interested in something else.</p>

<p>&#8220;Here we go,&#8221; Benjamin said as he prepared to smash the rock into the walnut.</p>

<p>Chesterfield put his hand against the rock before Benjamin could pick it up.</p>

<p>&#8220;Wait! Wait! Wait! Do you know how long it took us to move that rock from here to where you just picked it up?&#8221; Chesterfield said with annoyance.</p>

<p>&#8220;What do you mean?&#8221; Benjamin asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;That rock was over here last month,&#8221; Barnaby explained. &#8220;It took us all of the past four weeks to move it to where you picked it up.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;And now!&#8221; Chesterfield stamped his feet into the ground with frustration. &#8220;You've brought it back!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Don't worry! I'll put it back,&#8221; Benjamin said. He couldn't believe a squirrel and a chipmunk could get so upset about a rock.</p>

<p>Chesterfield and Barnaby stood to the side. Benjamin picked up the rock and slammed it against a walnut, creating a quick cracking noise with a sudden burst of shell in the air. Barnaby, Myrna, and Chesterfield covered their heads as it began to rain shell fragments.</p>

<p>Benjamin picked up the rock and slammed it into the second walnut. Crack!</p>

<p>The third. Crack!</p>

<p>The fourth. Crack!</p>

<p>And, the fifth. Crack!</p>

<p>He had opened all of the walnuts in less than five minutes. It had happened exactly as he had imagined it would. He was happy to have done something that he had only seen his parents do. And now having done it, he knew he could do it as well.</p>

<p>Both Chesterfield and Barnaby were shocked. They nodded their heads and then applauded as an audience would applaud a golfer's drive. Myrna joined the applause only after seeing that Chesterfield started clapping loudly.</p>

<p>&#8220;That was,&#8221; Chesterfield said, taking a slow step forward, &#8220;extremely impressive.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Thanks,&#8221; Benjamin said, happy to receive the compliment. &#8220;And, now you can eat!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes,&#8221; Barnaby said, taking a quick step forward. &#8220;Now, he can eat!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;So, I should get going and I would really love to know how I can get to the, ahem, castle,&#8221; Benjamin said.</p>

<p>Benjamin grabbed his backpack and examined the long grass stain along his shirt. As he started to gather Myrna onto his shoulder, Chesterfield ran in front of Benjamin and put his hands out to stop him from moving any further.</p>

<p>&#8220;Actually,&#8221; Chesterfield said. &#8220;We didn't realize you would be so good at opening walnuts. Five walnuts are great. Don't get me wrong. I am very grateful for your help. But if we had a few more walnuts open, then I could eat all month without having to find someone else to open them.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Barnaby, I must be going. Why don't you try opening the walnuts for Chesterfield?&#8221;</p>

<p>Barnaby held his fingers forward and Benjamin saw that they had all been worn out, presumably from opening many walnuts and from running all around.</p>

<p>&#8220;How many more walnuts?&#8221; Benjamin asked with a long sigh. He couldn't stay for a while but he could open a couple more. And also, Benjamin had a lot of fun smashing the rock into the walnuts.</p>

<p>&#8220;Not many. As many as you want to do,&#8221; Chesterfield said from inside the tree.</p>

<p>&#8220;OK, bring out the walnuts.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin returned to the rock and waited for Barnaby to stop whispering to Chesterfield so that he could begin opening the nuts.</p>

<p>&#8220;Actually,&#8221; Chesterfield said. &#8220;Would you mind coming inside my tree house to open the rest?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Inside the tree house? Why?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, I thought I could offer you a spot of tea and some biscuits.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin only thought briefly about what biscuits and tea a chipmunk was capable of making. But then he realized what Barnaby had mentioned to him earlier. Chesterfield supposedly had lots of food to eat.</p>

<p>&#8220;I <i>am</i> hungry,&#8221; Benjamin said. &#8220;I would love something to eat!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Me too!&#8221; Myrna chimed in.</p>

<p>Benjamin was also curious to see the inside of the tree. After he watched Chesterfield walk inside, he stuck his own head in to look. The space was as high as the tree was tall. It looked like a cylindrical room was a spiral staircase that spun around shelves and shelves of walnuts and various other foods.</p>

<p>&#8220;Come on in!&#8221; Barnaby said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, come in,&#8221; Chesterfield said as he pulled out some biscuits and tea. Barnaby and Chesterfield looked at the size of the biscuits and then compared them to the size of Benjamin. They were not nearly as large as they should be to satisfy the child's appetite. &#8220;Come in! Come in!&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin squeezed through the door until he was completely inside the tree. Barnaby shut the door and Chesterfield handed Benjamin biscuit after biscuit. As Benjamin ate the delicious treats, he began to wonder why there were so many walnuts on the shelves. There were a lot of other foods but there were more walnuts than anything else.</p>

<p>&#8220;So you really like walnuts?&#8221; Benjamin said.</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't know if <i>like</i> is the right word, but we've gotten used to them,&#8221; Chesterfield said.</p>

<p>&#8220;It looks like there are thousands here,&#8221; Benjamin replied as he sipped tea and ate another biscuit. Benjamin had eaten nearly a dozen so far while Myrna was halfway through her first biscuit. She was looking at all of the walnuts with skepticism.</p>

<p>&#8220;Can you tell me why you two were kicked out of the dream castles? Which ones were you kicked out of?&#8221; Myrna started peppering Barnaby and Chesterfield with questions.</p>

<p>&#8220;Now, now,&#8221; Barnaby said. &#8220;I'd be happy to explain why I'm no longer in a castle but not while we're eating.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm sure we got kicked out of the castles in much the same way you and Benjamin got kicked out of the castle,&#8221; Chesterfield said as he tilted his hat to the side of his face. &#8220;I didn't listen when I should have listened.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Let's just say, Myrna, that sometimes we don't always get to choose the lives we'd like to live. We're just getting by, Myrna. I think we should leave well enough alone,&#8221; Barnaby said.</p>

<p>Benjamin sensed that there was tension between Myrna and Barnaby. And, he did not want this tension to continue. He wanted to open the walnuts that Chesterfield needed so that he could get on his way to Aloysius Trenhaile's castle soon.</p>

<p>&#8220;Do you want to show me which walnuts you want me to open?&#8221; Benjamin said quickly. &#8220;I can open them for you and then you can show me how to get to Aloysius Trenhaile's castle.&#8221;</p>

<p>Chesterfield's jaw dropped to the floor again. But, he didn't say anything. He looked at Barnaby and Barnaby simply nodded his head in agreement. Benjamin watched this silent conversation and wondered what they were thinking. Myrna, also, seemed worried that the squirrel and the chipmunk were not as friendly as they said they were.</p>

<p>&#8220;Right. Yes. Well, I will certainly provide you with directions. So, before then, we were hoping you could help us open a few more. You opened the five walnuts so quickly that it will take you such a short amount of time than it would take us.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;How many is a few?&#8221; Benjamin asked with caution.</p>

<p>Barnaby and Chesterfield started to climb the wall vertically to get to the top of the tree.</p>

<p>&#8220;Excuse me,&#8221; Benjamin said as he noticed that they were leaving. &#8220;How many is a few?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You are not being very polite, Barnaby!&#8221; Myrna yelled from Benjamin's shoulder.</p>

<p>They kept climbing faster and faster until they were completely out of Benjamin's reach.</p>

<p>&#8220;Forty-two thousand,&#8221; Chesterfield said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Forty-two thousand walnuts!&#8221; Benjamin shouted as he stood on his feet. &#8220;I am not going to open forty-two thousand walnuts!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;It'll take you such a short amount of time compared to how long it will take us!&#8221; Barnaby protested.</p>

<p>&#8220;But, I'm not concerned with how long it would take you. It's going to take me longer than I want.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;But we gave you biscuits.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I'll open a dozen and then that's it,&#8221; Benjamin decided. He grabbed twelve walnuts from the shelf and then smashed them individually on the ground inside the tree. Twelve open walnuts appeared on the ground below and as before, Chesterfield and Barnaby clapped like people at the opera. &#8220;Now, I must be leaving.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin gathered his backpack, looked to make sure Myrna was ready to leave, and then tried to open the door from which he entered. But, it was locked. He pushed on it as hard as he could but it would not open. There wasn't anything that would allow him to unlock the door.</p>

<p>&#8220;Hey!&#8221; Benjamin yelled up the tree trunk. &#8220;The door is locked.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes,&#8221; Chesterfield said. &#8220;It is.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I would like you to open it for me.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't think we can do that.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Why not?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Because we have a lot of walnuts that need to be opened.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You open this door right now!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;If you open all of the walnuts, we will open it. If you don't open all of the walnuts, well, the door stays closed.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin was upset. He shook the door violently which caused the tree to vibrate ever so slightly. Walnuts fell from the tallest of shelves. He grumbled and his voiced echoed throughout the tree. Barnaby and Chesterfield climbed higher and higher.</p>

<p>&#8220;Once you open all the walnuts,&#8221; Chesterfield said. &#8220;We will unlock the door.&#8221;</p>

<p>It would take days, weeks, months, and maybe a year to open forty-two thousand walnuts. There was no chance he could do this within a reasonable amount of time. He had been tricked. He assumed he would only have to open a few more walnuts, not thousand. And now that he was locked inside the tree trunk, he was being held prisoner by a chipmunk and a squirrel.</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm not opening any!&#8221; Benjamin yelled.</p>

<p>&#8220;Fine, fine,&#8221; Chesterfield as if he had said this a hundred times.</p>

<p>Barnaby and Chesterfield climbed to the top of the tree to a loft that was away from Benjamin's sight.</p>

<p>&#8220;I have a bad feeling about this,&#8221; Myrna said.</p>

<p>&#8220;Now you have a bad feeling about this?&#8221; Benjamin asked with surprise.</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes,&#8221; Myrna said. &#8220;These two work for Aloysius Trenhaile.&#8221;</p>

</div>

</body>

</html>
