<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
   "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" />
<title>Chapter 9 Attack</title>
</head>

<body lang="EN-US" style="tab-interval:.5in">

<div>

<h1 id="chapter09" class="page-break-before"><span class="chapter-number">Chapter 9</span><br/><span class="chapter chapter-description"> Attack</span></h1>

<p class="introduction">Benjamin never thought about how many people dreamed at the same time. He just hadn't realized how many other dreams happened at the same time as his dreams. He could see into all of the dreams on the screens and in the production studios below.</p>

<p>He also realized that some people have simpler dreams than others. There was a screen in front of him with a man standing on a bridge looking down upon water lilies. There were no explosions or high-speed chases or dangerous situations. It was just water lilies and a bridge. And to the right of this screen, there was a woman looking at an owl, watermelon, pineapple, and coconut on a yellow table. Further along, there was a young child looking at a man carrying a gigantic basket of flowers on his back. Benjamin expected dreams to be adventurous. He did not realize that dreams don't necessarily have to be what he thought were adventurous.</p>

<p>There were car chases.</p>

<p>And base-jumping.</p>

<p>And throwing fire.</p>

<p>And people chasing animals.</p>

<p>And animals chasing people.</p>

<p>And flying. Lots of flying</p>

<p>And dinosaurs.</p>

<p>Snark! Benjamin thought as he saw his friend in screen eighteen thousand, one hundred and four. It was him. It was definitely Snark.</p>

<p>&#8220;That's him!&#8221; Benjamin yelled to King Bernard Zwirn.</p>

<p>King Bernard Zwirn stood and offered suggestions for making the dreams better. He pointed every which direction and simultaneously seemed to be talking to more people than Benjamin had ever known in his entire life. He spoke commands with such confidence and poise that he did not seem to sweat at all. Benjamin knew that if he was in charge, his heart would race and his mind would be overwhelmed with thoughts. King Bernard Zwirn, however, acted like he had been doing this his entire life.</p>

<p>&#8220;Who?&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;Snark! That's him!&#8221; Benjamin said. &#8220;That's the dinosaur from my dream, the one who took me here.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Expand one eight one zero four, please,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said warmly.</p>

<p>The small screen expanded to fill nearly a quarter of the entire room. It was definitely him, Benjamin thought. He looked at King Bernard Zwirn who had a look of confusion on his face.</p>

<p>&#8220;Why is Rodney Cohen working?&#8221; King Bernard asked gently to some people in the room.</p>

<p>Benjamin did not know to whom King Bernard Zwrin was speaking but he could hear the brief sounds of someone responding back to him.</p>

<p>&#8220;I told him that he needed to take a break. He was overworked. Benjamin wouldn't be here if he just got more rest. Rodney works too hard,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said gently to anyone who would listen.</p>

<p>&#8220;Who is Rodney?&#8221; Benjamin asked softly and curiously.</p>

<p>&#8220;Rodney is person who plays the dinosaur in your dreams,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said. &#8220;But do realize that this doesn't change your dream. Your dreams are with dinosaurs. They're merely acted by people and Rodney is one of them. He's a workaholic.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Can I meet him?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Rodney?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Snark?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, that's the thing, Benjamin. You'd meet Rodney Cohen here but you'd meet Snark in your dreams.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I'd still like to meet Rodney.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;OK, I'll set up a meeting for the two of you.&#8221;</p>

<p>King Bernard Zwirn's fingers tapped the desk in front of him. He muttered to himself a couple times and then he let out a short sigh. Benjamin noticed that King Bernard Zwirn's eyes did not move away from Snark.</p>

<p>&#8220;I need to check on something in that dream,&#8221; he said slowly. &#8220;I'll be back in fifteen minutes. You can hang out here and watch the screens until I come back.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin didn't know why King Bernard Zwirn was being secretive. It was obvious that he was going to the dream that had Snark in it. But, Benjamin didn't know why. He didn't know if Snark was in trouble for having led Benjamin into Castle Ehtahl. All Benjamin knew was that he had not seen King Bernard Zwirn that serious before.</p>

<p>&#8220;Sure,&#8221; Benjamin said. &#8220;I can wait here. But, can I come along with you?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I think you'll have a lot more fun if you stay here,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said. &#8220;Look at all these dreams! And besides, I'll only be gone for a few minutes.&#8221;</p>

<p>Although Benjamin did not know exactly what was happening, the dreams were so interesting to him because he could see into the minds of people sleeping throughout the world. There was a person chasing a lion. An older woman was standing in front of a classroom. A young man was riding a motorcycle in a desert. The screen which had been showing Snark flickered and went dark.</p>

<p>&#8220;Where did Snark go?&#8221; Benjamin asked the people working behind him.</p>

<p>&#8220;Over there,&#8221; someone said from the back.</p>

<p>&#8220;Over where?&#8221; Benjamin answered with his hands at his side.</p>

<p>&#8220;Near the staircase on the right,&#8221; the same voice shouted back among all the other shouts.</p>

<p>Benjamin walked to the staircase, which was just next to the last column of screens. King Bernard Zwirn would be back soon enough, Benjamin thought, and he could not wait to ask him many questions about Snark. He wanted to know everything.</p>

<p>A hand gently rested on Benjamin's left shoulder and he was thrilled to realize that King Bernard Zwirn was back. His first question, he decided, was to ask where Snark and all of the dinosaurs went after the dreams were done. But when Benjamin turned around, he saw quickly that the hand did not belong to King Bernard Zwirn. It belonged to Russell Fox, the man who prevented Benjamin from reaching the train station. And standing behind Russell Fox was a sinister looking man wearing all black and smoking a long pipe.</p>

<p>&#8220;Hi, Benjamin,&#8221; the man said in a menacing voice.</p>

<p>Benjamin turned to run toward all of the workers but Russell Fox grabbed his shoulder and made a sign with his finger that Benjamin had better be quiet.</p>

<p>&#8220;Don't run, Benjamin. I'm here to watch the dreams, with you. Do any of them interest you?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Who are you?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Quiet, Benjamin. We have to watch the dreams.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I want you to leave me alone.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I will. I will. But, not right now.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin did not want to speak with this man. He wanted King Bernard Zwirn to return as soon as possible. He strained his neck to look for the king but he couldn't find him.</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin, my name is Thalia Nachamie and I am, how should you say, very interested in you. You see, the king and I have a bit of a disagreement as to how dreams should be made in Castle Ehtahl. It'll be resolved in no time, don't you worry about that. I'll get my way. I always do. But first, I have a question or two for you,&#8221; Thalia said. &#8220;What kind of child leaves their home to go to someplace unknown? Did you not know what you were getting yourself into? Did you not know what would be on the other side? Tell me, Benjamin, why are you here?&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin paused and looked back and forth for someone who could help him. No one seemed to be looking in his direction. They were all preoccupied with the dreams on the screens.</p>

<p>&#8220;Silent, aren't we?&#8221; Russell Fox said. And at that moment, Benjamin watched the man's eyes transition from a dark brown to a bright orange and then back to brown. He breathed slowly and arched his head. Benjamin sensed he was not normal.</p>

<p>&#8220;I'd like you to leave me alone,&#8221; Benjamin said sternly. He was scared because he was defenseless against two people who made him feel very uncomfortable.</p>

<p>&#8220;I'll leave you alone, Benjamin,&#8221; Thalia Nachamie said. &#8220;But if you don't have a good reason for why you came here, I'm left to assume that you came here for something. And, you're not willing to tell me what that something is.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I came here for adventure,&#8221; Benjamin said quickly as he tried to wrestle his arm away from Russell Fox.</p>

<p>&#8220;Adventure?&#8221; Thalia Nachamie echoed with a laugh. &#8220;Why of course. You'll find adventure here. But you're after something more, aren't you?&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin got one hand loose and started to move away but Thalia grabbed his neck with a strength that Benjamin had never felt before.</p>

<p>&#8220;Now, now,&#8221; Thalia Nachamie said. &#8220;I'm just going to warn you once, Benjamin. There is no room for someone like you here. We don't take kindly to people who want to change the way we do things. I know what you're trying to do. I know what you want&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm not trying to change anything! I don't know what you're talking about!&#8221; Benjamin yelled.</p>

<p>&#8220;Stop being so childish,&#8221; Thalia Nachamie said as he released Benjamin to the ground. &#8220;But do realize, I have my eye on you and I don't take kindly to people who aren't honest with me. You had better stay out of my business, Benjamin.&#8221;</p>

<p>Thalia Nachamie and Russell Fox stared angrily at Benjamin as they walked into the hallway and disappeared. Benjamin could still feel the tight grip from Thalia Nachamie. He didn't know what they were talking about. Why did they think he was trying to change something? Why were they so suspicious of him?</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said as he reentered the room. &#8220;Are you OK?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Russell Fox was here and he&mdash;&#8221; Benjamin started to say. But as he began to speak, a loud noise erupted from one of the screens and several employees stood and pointed in the direction. King Bernard Zwirn jumped up and began issuing new commands.</p>

<p>&#8220;Isolate it!&#8221; he yelled. &#8220;Isolate eight five zero!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;It's spreading,&#8221; a worker yelled.</p>

<p>&#8220;Shut it down,&#8221; the king responded.</p>

<p>&#8220;Are you sure?&#8221; someone yelled back.</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, shut it down,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said quickly.</p>

<p>Benjamin looked at screen eight five zero. There was chaos. A man was hitting everyone in the scene and causing violence everywhere. He was acting ruthless and without concern for anyone's safety. And then, a gigantic monster entered the studio and began wrecking havoc upon everything.</p>

<p>&#8220;Something is wrong,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn whispered to himself but in a voice loud enough for Benjamin to hear. &#8220;We've never seen a nightmare as strong as a nightmare like that.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Nightmare?&#8221; Benjamin asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;That was a nightmare,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said when he realized Benjamin was listening. &#8220;And, I fear it was the strongest nightmare I've ever seen. I'll keep you safe, Benjamin. Don't worry. I won't let those nightmares get you.&#8221;</p>

</div>

</body>

</html>
