<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
   "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" />
<title>Chapter 8 Studio</title>
</head>

<body lang="EN-US" style="tab-interval:.5in">

<div>

<h1 id="chapter08" class="page-break-before"><span class="chapter-number">Chapter 8</span><br/><span class="chapter chapter-description"> Studio</span></h1>

<p class="introduction">&#8220;You've already seen a lot of the castle,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said as he and Benjamin walked passed the enormous dream machine. &#8220;But, I'd like to show you a little more. What's it like living in Pennsylvania, Benjamin?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;It's fine,&#8221; Benjamin said. &#8220;I've never lived anywhere else so I suppose it's the best place I've ever lived.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I haven't lived anywhere else, either. So, I suppose this is the best place I've ever lived.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;How long have you been the king?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;For quite a few years, Benjamin. I'm rather old. I feel young, but I'm old. I've been king for quite some time. And as the years go by, I wonder how long I'll continue to be king.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;What do you mean? You don't want to be king?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh, I'd love to be king forever, if I could. But, it's not up to me. There are some people, one of which you met the other day, who do not want me to be king. They want to be king. And one day, that might just happen. But so long as I'm alive, that won't be the case. I care too much about dreams, Benjamin. I think everyone should be able to dream.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Can't everyone dream?&#8221;</p>

<p>King Bernard Zwirn turned to Benjamin with a smile. Benjamin realized that the question was a little na&iuml;ve.</p>

<p>&#8220;You may find this hard to believe, but not everyone wants to dream. There are some people out there that want nightmares.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;They want nightmares instead of dreams?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, they want nightmares. It wasn't always this way. In the beginning of all of this, there was only one castle and there were only dreams. But now, there are many castles and not all of them make dreams. Some of them make nightmares.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Where are these castles? The ones that make nightmares.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;They're outside the castle walls. And don't worry, Benjamin. We have a security fleet that works day and night to make sure that nightmares do not enter this castle. That, I can assure you. You won't have to worry about nightmares invading our dreams. I only wish we could make dreams forever.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Miss Lindenmeyer told me that the dream machine is broken.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;It is, yes. I'm not exactly sure who did it but I have my suspicions. I think there's a part missing but I have no idea which one. A lot of our dreams have not been sent to sleeping people and I don't know why that is. Have you looked at this thing?&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said as they rested on a bench near the gigantic tower. &#8220;I can't begin to tell you how many pieces are in there. My guess would be millions. But who knows? And if there's a piece missing, how can I know where it was supposed to be?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;But you need to make the dream machine work again. I want to continue dreaming.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Of dinosaurs, right?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes!&#8221; Benjamin said enthusiastically. &#8220;Do you know about my dreams?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Your dreams are some of the most elaborate dreams that we produce. And, I know that you're a fan of Snark.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Snark! That's who I followed to get here.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I had a feeling. Rodney, I mean Snark, has a way of getting himself into trouble sometimes.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;But my last dream, King Zwirn. In my last dream, something horrible was chasing after me. I had never dreamed of it before. It wasn't in any of my previous dreams&#8221;</p>

<p>King Bernard Zwirn paused and glanced at the ground. He put his hand on Benjamin's back and guided him away from the dream machine.</p>

<p>&#8220;I know. And, I'm sorry you had to see that. We do our best to keep nightmares out of the dreams but it's getting harder and harder. Do you want to see where dreams are made?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Definitely!&#8221; Benjamin said. He wanted to see where all the dinosaurs lived.</p>

<p>&#8220;You'll understand a little more in a bit but I need you to wear this vest. It's small but it's going to let everyone know that you're with me. If anyone asks who you are or what you're doing, you just tell them that you're my friend.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin accepted the vest from King Bernard Zwirn and stared at it for a moment. No one had ever said something like that to him before. He thought he had friends in the past but was always unsure. King Bernard Zwirn made it clear that he wanted to be Benjamin's friend. And with that, Benjamin felt a wave of happiness overwhelm his body.</p>

<p>Benjamin and King Bernard Zwirn left for an ancient red building immediately next to the dream machine. As they passed people, King Bernard Zwirn said hello to each one and greeted them by their names. Benjamin couldn't believe this man knew so many different names. He seemed like he could have a conversation with anyone. And, everyone seemed to like him.</p>

<p>&#8220;This is production building two hundred and eighty eight,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said as they walked down a brightly lit hallway with hundreds of white doors on both the left and right. The hallway extended so far that Benjamin could not see the door on the other side. It was also so bright that he had to cup his hands around his eyes to see.</p>

<p>&#8220;Two hundred and eighty eight?&#8221; Benjamin asked. &#8220;How many production buildings are there?&#8221;</p>

<p>King Bernard Zwirn stopped and looked to the ceiling as if he was counting them in the air.</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm not sure,&#8221; he said with a chuckle. &#8220;They come and go but somewhere around six billion I think. How many people live in Pennsylvania?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm not sure.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You know, it's probably a number I should know but I don't. Let's just say there are a lot. There are a lot of people that live in Pennsylvania, right?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Right.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;So, there are a lot of production studios.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;What is behind each of these doors?&#8221; Benjamin asked as he reached for a handle.</p>

<p>King Bernard Zwirn pulled Benjamin back softly.</p>

<p>&#8220;Just a moment,&#8221; he said gently. &#8220;I need to open the doors for you. Once I open the doors, you'll be able to see the dreams.&#8221;</p>

<p>They continued walking down the hallway and by Benjamin's count, King Bernard Zwirn stopped in front of the twenty-ninth door on the right hand side. He placed his hand on the doorknob and then looked at Benjamin with a large smile. It was calming to Benjamin whose heart was racing with anticipation of what was behind this mysterious door.</p>

<p>&#8220;This is where dreams are created,&#8221; he said as he opened the door and pushed Benjamin inside. King Bernard Zwirn held his fingers to his lips and gestured to Benjamin to remain silent. He immediately understood why he had to wear the orange vest because there were many other people wearing orange vests as well.</p>

<p>Benjamin watched a large speedboat cruising as fast as it could through a river that raged through a metropolis. Buildings towered everywhere. A person sat in the driver's seat with a large smile, the wind throwing his hair back, and the sun bouncing light off his face. There were cameras capturing every angle. Cranes held lights and speakers above the stage. The speedboat roared as it switched gears and rocked back and forth as waves crashed into it. It went underneath bridges and passed sailboats and turned suddenly and headed the other direction. The metropolis looked like a metal forest that the speedboat moved through as quickly as it could. People in orange vests were moving the set as the man in the speedboat stood and then screamed with joy. Benjamin felt the joy the man must have been experiencing as everything here looked like so much fun. He wanted to ride a speedboat through a city.</p>

<p>In the hallway, Benjamin couldn't contain his excitement.</p>

<p>&#8220;That was amazing! That looked so cool!&#8221; Benjamin shouted as King Bernard Zwirn laughed. &#8220;But, how is that someone's dream? Those were actors.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;When we went through that door, we stepped inside someone's head, for a short moment. Someone out there far away from us is dreaming right now and he is dreaming of driving a speedboat through a city.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;But, I never saw cameras or lights or speakers or people wearing orange vests in my dreams.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You don't see the cameras or lights or speakers or people wearing orange vests because no one dreams in orange. You don't see anything in orange in your dreams.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Is that true?&#8221;</p>

<p>King Bernard Zwirn grinned a little and ushered Benjamin down the hallway.</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, I'm actually not sure, but it's been the case. To be honest, I think most people are so focused on their dreams that they don't notice any of the things happening around the dream. No one notices the lights and cameras and scene changes. We've gotten very good at producing them over the years. I'd like to say that our dreams are getting better and better.&#8221;</p>

<p>They walked inside another dream and saw a ski slope higher than any building Benjamin had ever seen. At the very top stood a skier whose smile stretched wider than her face. All around her, people in orange suits carried lighting instruments and speakers as the woman bounced back and forth. Before she jumped down the slope, Benjamin thought that she saw him, that they had exchanged glances for one moment. She then moved down that hill as fast as that speedboat had moved through that river. Snow splattered and sprayed in all directions as she raced between trees, jumped over large rocks, and did flips in the air over sleeping brown bears. Benjamin could hear the calmness of the wind as well as the sound of her skis carving into the snow.</p>

<p>King Bernard Zwirn took Benjamin into another production studio.</p>

<p>Here, Benjamin awed at a propeller airplane dodging cloud after cloud. The old grandmother inside the plane laughed as she maneuvered it from side to side and then into a full loop. Benjamin noticed his smile was widening like the smiles of the people who were experiencing these dreams. In each of these production studios, adventures were being created in the form of a dream very much like his own dreams. Machines and people created everything before him. The clouds, the blue sky, the trees on the ground, the birds flying past the airplane, and the sun in the corner of the room.</p>

<p>&#8220;Which one is next?&#8221; Benjamin asked with excitement as he jumped from side to side.</p>

<p>&#8220;I have to direct some more dreams so we need to go to the control center,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said.</p>

<p>&#8220;There's a control center?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Dreaming is actually quite organized.&#8221;</p>

<p>They walked from ancient building to ancient building. And as Benjamin passed each door, he listened to the sounds of excitement and happiness being made in a dream studio on the other side. He didn't know how it was possible but he didn't care. He knew that all of the other kids from home would be jealous of what he was experiencing.</p>

<p>Benjamin and King Bernard Zwirn ascended dozens of staircases up a tall, brick tower. The king was in very good shape, Benjamin thought, because the stairs were exhausting. As they climbed higher, Benjamin looked out small windows to see more of the castle. He could see the train station and the river and the dream machine. He could even see the school and dormitory. When Benjamin saw the large walls that guarded the castle, he realized that he was very far away from home. And under normal circumstances, this would have bothered him tremendously. But, he knew King Bernard Zwirn would be able to get him home eventually. He wondered what was on the other side of the walls.</p>

<p>King Bernard Zwirn stepped into a circular room at the top of this tower. Inside, there were many people chatting and yelling orders back and forth. There were television screens everywhere. And underneath these television screens were windows that revealed an amazing view of the castle below. From here, Benjamin could see into all of the dream studios. There were more than he could ever have imagined.</p>

<p>&#8220;This is the control tower,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said as he opened his arms like he did the first day Benjamin met him. &#8220;It's almost ten o'clock in Los Angeles so it's just about time for some dreaming.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin sat in an empty chair and marveled over all of the people moving about. It looked like they were preparing for a space shuttle launch.</p>

<p>&#8220;Ready everyone?&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said to a room full of happy men and women who cheered their king on. &#8220;We're going live in five, four, three, two.&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin would normally have been at home. He would have been the recipient of one of these dreams. But instead, he was observing them.</p>

<p>&#8220;One,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said. And at that moment, everyone was silent.</p>

</div>

</body>

</html>
