<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
   "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" />
<title>Chapter 4 King</title>
</head>

<body lang="EN-US" style="tab-interval:.5in">

<div>

<h1 id="chapter04" class="page-break-before"><span class="chapter-number">Chapter 4</span><br/><span class="chapter chapter-description"> King</span></h1>

<p class="introduction">&#8220;Welcome!&#8221; a grandfatherly man with a friendly smile and gentle eyes yelled to Benjamin in a large stately room. &#8220;My name is King Bernard Zwirn! You had a very close call there! Who are you? Where are you from? I'm so glad you started walking toward those candles. That gladiator would've squashed you. Or even worse, you would have been eaten by that dragon!&#8221;</p>

<p>King Bernard Zwirn held his heavy belly and let out a loud, echoing chuckle. It was such a warm, full laugh that it made Benjamin smile. Benjamin felt relaxed in front of this gentle, grandfatherly man.</p>

<p>&#8220;My name is Benjamin Buckingham. Where am I?&#8221; Benjamin asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;You, Benjamin, are in Castle Ehtahl and I am King Bernard Zwirn.&#8221;</p>

<p>The king stretched his arms as wide as he could. Everything around him looked beautiful and grand. There were stately statues and ornate paintings and healthy plants throughout this castle's hall.</p>

<p>&#8220;You are the first visitor we've ever had from the outside,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn continued.</p>

<p>&#8220;Outside?&#8221; Benjamin asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes! No one from where you're from has ever been here. We take great pride in our secrecy and our secret location. It's a wonder you found us at all. But now that you're here, I'd like to offer you a key to the castle.&#8221;</p>

<p>King Bernard Zwirn turned from Benjamin and ran down the hall like a rhinoceros running through a gorgeous, pristine setting. The pictures shook, the candles bounced, and the windows rattled. King Bernard Zwirn rummaged through dozens of chests at the end of the hall, throwing clothes and boxes and other ancient artifacts behind him as he desperately searched for the key.</p>

<p>&#8220;It's in here somewhere!&#8221; he yelled to Benjamin as he turned a large trunk upside down and sorted through its contents.</p>

<p>Benjamin knew his mother would not be happy with the manner in which King Bernard Zwirn was searching. The previously beautiful grand hall was becoming a messy large room. There were things everywhere and it would take several days to put everything back together.</p>

<p>&#8220;Here,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said as he passed a small box to Benjamin. &#8220;You have a key to my castle.&#8221;</p>

<p>The tiny silver box with a gold ribbon looked as extraordinary as anything else around him. Benjamin unwrapped it quickly, tossing the paper to the ground, and opened the lid.</p>

<p>&#8220;It's a grasshopper!&#8221; Benjamin said.</p>

<p>&#8220;A what?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;A grasshopper.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Oh no, Benjamin,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn chuckled again. &#8220;Grasshoppers are little insects. Keys open doors and they certainly aren't alive. They're quite different things, keys and grasshoppers!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;No, look, King Zwirn. It's a grasshopper,&#8221; Benjamin said as he offered the box back to King Bernard Zwirn.</p>

<p>King Bernard Zwirn looked inside and saw that there was indeed a grasshopper living in the box.</p>

<p>&#8220;The grasshopper ate the key!&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn yelled accusingly.</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't think a grasshopper can eat at key,&#8221; Benjamin responded.</p>

<p>&#8220;There was a key in here and now there is a grasshopper. That can only mean that the grasshopper ate the key,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said as he scolded the grasshopper. &#8220;There can be no other explanation!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Was the key smaller than the grasshopper?&#8221; Benjamin asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;It was a huge key. It was much larger than this grasshopper.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Then, there's no way the grasshopper can eat the key.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;How do you know so much about grasshoppers?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;We have a lot of them in my backyard.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You have grasshoppers in Ehtsetra?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Ehtsetra?&#8221; Benjamin asked with a puzzled face.</p>

<p>King Bernard Zwirn looked at the grasshopper and then leaned in to Benjamin, his face contorted in confusion. He looked around the room quickly, as if he was unsure if anyone was watching him.</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin, you are a visitor to this castle?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I am a visitor.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;From Ehtsetra?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;No.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;No?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;No.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;And if you are not from Ehtsetra, where may I ask are you from?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Pennsylvania.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I see,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said very, very slowly. He stepped away with incredibly long, drawn out strides. Benjamin could sense that the grasshopper was nervous because it had stopped gnawing on the side of the box. King Bernard Zwirn looked at Benjamin from the corner of his eye and continued to move further and further away. &#8220;If you'll excuse me, I have to&mdash;.&#8221;</p>

<p>And with that, King Bernard Zwirn sprinted away with his arms waving over his head, his feet slipping on the blue carpet. Benjamin never heard an adult scream as loudly as King Bernard Zwirn did. The faces in the paintings appeared to squirm with discomfort over the dreadful noise.</p>

<p>Benjamin sighed. If he was not being nice, he would expect people to run away from him screaming. But given the circumstances, Benjamin did not understand what he was doing wrong. What was so wrong about being from Pennsylvania? And, where was Ehtsetra?</p>

<p>If he doesn't want to be friends with me, he thought to himself, I'll just explore on my own.</p>

<p>There were more paintings of people on the walls than Benjamin could count. There was Sir Laborious Maximus who looked like an Italian painter with an absurdly long mustache. There was Queen Jebra Coolihan whose head was four times larger than the rest of her body. There was a dog named Woolfred Woofery who looked braver than all of the other people in the paintings. And then there was a tiny plaque for Aloysius Trenhaile but there was no painting. Instead, the words <i>we don't talk about it</i> were inscribed in the wall above his name. Benjamin found this intriguing but did not have more time to think about it because King Bernard Zwirn reappeared.</p>

<p>A security guard who was as short as he was wide arrived with King Bernard Zwirn. He looked like a cube with tiny little feet and short red hair.</p>

<p>&#8220;Noel, get the monster!&#8221;</p>

<p>King Bernard Zwirn yelled. Benjamin realized that the king was referring to him, that he was the monster.</p>

<p>Noel charged at Benjamin as if he was designed for this specific task. Benjamin did not move because he was not a monster and he also did not see Noel as a threat. The square man stood only three feet tall. But that did not deter King Bernard Zwirn's chants of encouragement. The king was convinced that Benjamin was a monster.</p>

<p>&#8220;I am not a monster,&#8221; Benjamin yelled back.</p>

<p>&#8220;That's something a monster would say!&#8221; Noel said as he leaped into the air and dove headfirst at Benjamin. Benjamin took one step to his left and Noel hit the carpet like a dice being tossed across the ground.</p>

<p>&#8220;We do not welcome your kind here,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said.</p>

<p>&#8220;My kind?&#8221; Benjamin asked with confusion.</p>

<p>&#8220;Yes, dream makers do not interact with nightmares!&#8221; Noel screamed as he dove at Benjamin again, and hit the ground like a square bowling ball bouncing across the floor.</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm not a monster or a nightmare!&#8221; Benjamin responded. He was agitated because the king would not believe him.</p>

<p>&#8220;That's exactly what a nightmare would say,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said in response. &#8220;Come on, Noel. Get him this time. Really concentrate hard. Give it your all.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;He keeps moving,&#8221; Noel said as he gasped for air.</p>

<p>&#8220;Then wait until he stops moving,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said to Noel.</p>

<p>&#8220;But what if he moves again?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Then, wait some more.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I can hear you,&#8221; Benjamin said from the opposite side of the room with his hands on his hips.</p>

<p>&#8220;Don't listen to us, monster,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn replied.</p>

<p>Benjamin thought hard about how he could escape this situation. If he ran away, he did not know where he would go. He could not confess to being a monster because Noel would inevitably try to hurt him. He decided that the only way to remedy this predicament would be to convince these two men that he was not a monster.</p>

<p>&#8220;What do monsters do?&#8221; Benjamin asked.</p>

<p>&#8220;Monsters cause nightmares. They terrorize people. You should know,&#8221; Noel said. &#8220;You are a monster!&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;But, you're terrorizing me,&#8221; Benjamin replied. &#8220;So, you two must be the monsters.&#8221;</p>

<p>King Bernard Zwirn stood tall and shifted his head slightly as he looked upon the young child.</p>

<p>&#8220;We aren't the monsters,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said. &#8220;We aren't terrorizing you.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You are most definitely terrorizing me.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You are terrorizing us.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I was not! I was admiring these paintings and then that block monster tried to tackle me.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;That block's name is Noel Jaffin,&#8221; Noel responded.</p>

<p>&#8220;If monsters are creatures that terrorize other creatures, you are the monsters. I am not,&#8221; Benjamin said.</p>

<p>Benjamin watched King Bernard Zwirn's expression change from cold and angry to warm and gentle. He began to breath more easily as he realized that he may have somehow convinced them.</p>

<p>&#8220;Tell me, Benjamin,&#8221; King Bernard Zwirn said with his hands on his hips. &#8220;Where is this Pennsylvania you speak of?&#8221;</p>

</div>

</body>

</html>
