<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
   "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" />
<title>Chapter 1 Nightmare</title>
</head>

<body lang="EN-US" style="tab-interval:.5in">

<div>

<h1 id="chapter01"><span class="chapter-number">Chapter 1</span><br/><span class="chapter chapter-description"> Nightmare</span></h1>

<p class="introduction">Benjamin tossed and turned in bed, unable to sleep. He went through all of the usual routines to prepare for a night of dreaming about dinosaurs. He counted the number of action figures in his room. One hundred and forty-seven. He studied the skeletons of his favorite dinosaur, the Tyrannosaurus rex. And, he even replayed his dreams from the previous five nights in his head. But, nothing happened.</p>

<p>He stood up from the bed and looked at it accusingly. There must be something wrong with it. Benjamin kicked the mattress on the side as he would kick his computer when it started to make peculiar noises. The bed did not move and the kick did not seem to fix his problem.</p>

<p>From his backpack, he retrieved an empty journal that Mr. Marchetta, his elementary school teacher, had given his class to record their dreams for one week. It was the same type of journal that he was given to record the foods he ate during a week, the birds he saw during a week, and the number of times Jupiter, Benjamin's golden retriever, jumped into the ground floor family swimming pool from the second floor balcony. Six times. Jupiter jumped six times. Benjamin was convinced that Mr. Marchetta had billions of these empty journals in his classroom closets.</p>

<p>He paced back and forth in his bedroom. He turned on his computer and set the volume low enough so that the noise would not wake his parents. He navigated the Internet until he found <i>Jurassic Superheroes</i> episodes, a popular television series in which a group of good dinosaurs destroy Professor Undutois' plans to destroy the world. Professor Undutois was the worst kind of villain, in Benjamin's mind, because he was smart and mean. That combination made Benjamin very uncomfortable. He liked a particular episode in which buildings fell down, dinosaurs tumbled everywhere, and cars exploded. Benjamin's mother hated it. Benjamin, however, loved it. He tapped play and watched the scenes unfold, wishing he could join the dinosaurs in their quest to stop evil.</p>

<p>The dinosaurs were flying in an airplane when they saw a newsflash that Professor Undutois was going to decimate a large metropolis by blasting it with a gigantic blue laser. One of the dinosaurs knew that it would take at least fifteen minutes until Professor Undutois could start his evil plan. They needed to land the plane immediately and find the terrible man's location before it was too late for all of the innocent people living in the millions of apartments clustered together like a concrete beehive.</p>

<p>Benjamin watched the dinosaurs ride their motorcycles between cars and trucks along a crowded highway, their eyes focused on an evil vehicle in the distance. Suddenly, the back door of the trailer opened and Professor Undutois began throwing rocks. They dodged left and right and Benjamin's heart, which normally began racing during this scene, stayed very, very steady. He had seen the dinosaurs destroy Professor Undutois' plans thousands of times and he knew their lines, strategies, and characters as well as he knew himself. As the dinosaurs steered closer to Professor Undutois, Benjamin's eyelids began to close and his memory took over.</p>

<p>The dinosaurs drove next to Professor Undutois' trailer. They forced the evil villain to brake suddenly and turn sharply off the highway into the European streets below. Benjamin and the dinosaurs chased after him, Benjamin leading the way on a green bicycle. He passed old coffee shops with women drinking espresso and dodged pedestrians carrying baguettes and swerved around taxis transporting people on these Parisian streets while keeping his eye on Professor Undutois in the distance. Benjamin knew exactly where his nemesis had stationed his laser; it was positioned at the top of the Eiffel Tower.</p>

<p>Benjamin stopped chasing Professor Undutois and instead started racing toward the large metal structure in the middle of Paris. The Eiffel Tower was only a quarter mile away as darkness suddenly overcame the city, sending Benjamin's heart into a fast pace. Professor Undutois was nearly at the destination and Benjamin thought, for a moment, that he would not be able to stop him from doing harm. As soon as he started to doubt himself, he realized that if he did not stop Professor Undutois, no one would. He took a deep breath and tried to find courage. As thunder and lightning overwhelmed Paris, Benjamin ran to the Eiffel Tower and began to ascend to the top.</p>

<p>But then, Professor Undutois came down from the Eiffel Tower and ran away as fast as he could, his arms flailing as he screamed loudly. Benjamin stood confused because his dreams never ended this way. Professor Undutois was never scared or worried. He was always confident and mean. He was running away from something, Benjamin realized.</p>

<p>When Benjamin looked to the top of the Eiffel Tower, he saw a gigantic figure that bellowed so loudly that Benjamin could feel the growl pulse through his tiny body. It was the scariest creature Benjamin had ever seen.</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin, it's time to wake up,&#8221; Mrs. Buckingham said as she opened Benjamin's door on her way downstairs to the kitchen.</p>

<p>Benjamin woke up and stared at his computer. He knew something was wrong with how he woke up. He pinched himself and rubbed his eyes over and over to make sure that he was indeed awake. He was but he didn't feel awake.</p>

<p>In all of the dreams he ever had, there was never an evil villain other than Professor Undutois. What could be more evil than Professor Undutois, Benjamin wondered. Is there something more evil out there?</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin!&#8221; Mrs. Buckingham yelled from the kitchen.</p>

<p>Benjamin ran downstairs and pondered what had just happened over French toast. Mr. Buckingham held the newspaper with a headline <i>DREAMS HAVE ALL BUT DISAPPEARED IN PENNSYLVANIA</i>. Benjamin saw it and wondered if he had lost the ability to dream. If last night foretold the future, Benjamin would never dream again. On his way to school, he continued to think about the monster. He wondered if there was something in one of the <i>Jurassic Superheroes</i> episodes that he was misremembering. He knew them completely, though, so it was just not possible.</p>

<p>&#8220;On Tuesday, I dreamed that I was at dinner with my parents when my brother spilled lasagna. It was going to fall on our dog but I saved her just in time,&#8221; one of Benjamin's classmates said in front of everyone. The classroom was sparsely decorated and dimly lit. Each of his classmates was reading from their dream journals and Benjamin was beginning to think that he might be teased if everyone knew that he had just awoken from a nightmare.</p>

<p>&#8220;Howard,&#8221; Mr. Marchetta read from a list on his desk. &#8220;You're next. Please read your dreams to the class.&#8221;</p>

<p>Howard Horne, a large child who behaved like a bully, walked to the front of the class with his journal, smirking at Benjamin along the way. He cleared his throat loudly. Benjamin rolled his eyes, wishing Howard would embarrass himself in front of everyone. Instead, Howard started to detail dreams that everyone in the class thought were exciting and thrilling.</p>

<p>&#8220;I was a gladiator Wednesday night and there was a dragon that had invaded our school,&#8221; Howard said as he clenched the journal with one hand and pointed to his classmates with the other. &#8220;The dragon was here to destroy us. It was going to destroy all of us. It blew fire everywhere and the school started to burn. This wasn't so bad but I was not going to let the dragon destroy our houses. And, the baseball field. I ran after it and then I destroyed the dragon using my gladiator shield and gladiator sword.&#8221;</p>

<p>The class applauded and Benjamin shrunk into his seat so that he did not draw attention to himself. He wanted to fit in. The last thing he wanted was to be different from everyone else. He could not dream like Howard.</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin, you're next,&#8221; Mr. Marchetta said as Howard Horne walked to his seat.</p>

<p>Benjamin gulped. His dreams were not nearly as courageous and none of the characters in his dreams were people who he knew in real life. They were his friends, he believed, but they were, indeed, dinosaurs.</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin, come on,&#8221; Mr. Marchetta said because Benjamin had not yet moved.</p>

<p>He walked to the front of the class with his journal in his left hand and a worried state in his mind. And just like when he was losing confidence that he might not be able to stop Professor Undutois, he took one big breath to stop his worries.</p>

<p>&#8220;The other day I dreamed that I was with a group of dinosaurs in Honolulu. The evil villain Professor Undutois was going to start a volcano that would destroy the entire island. I led the dinosaurs up the volcano and found Professor Undutois and his evil machine. I went up to him and said&mdash;&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;That's an episode!&#8221; Howard Horne yelled from the back of the class.</p>

<p>&#8220;Howard, quiet,&#8221; Mr. Marchetta interjected.</p>

<p>&#8220;That's not a dream!&#8221; Howard said with a laugh. &#8220;That's the tenth episode of <i>Jurassic Superheroes</i> and we're too old to be watching that anymore. <i>Jurassic Superheroes</i> is for little kids, Benjamin. You should go down the hall and tell it to the kindergarten students. But they probably won't be impressed because you can't even dream your own dreams! You steal from television shows!&#8221;</p>

<p>The entire class started to laugh as Benjamin's face turned red. It was an episode of that popular television series but it also happened to be his dream. He didn't know what to do next so he continued to stare into his journal in hope that time would move much faster than it was. He had lost any confidence that the deep breath had given him. And, he did not know how to get it back. All he knew was that he didn't want to be there.</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin, you can continue,&#8221; Mr. Marchetta said.</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't think I should,&#8221; Benjamin said nervously.</p>

<p>&#8220;OK,&#8221; Mr. Marchetta said. &#8220;But, that will mean you still have to complete your assignment. You can't disguise television episodes as your dreams. If you don't have a dream, just say that you didn't have a dream. Don't lie about it.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I didn't lie,&#8221; Benjamin said quietly.</p>

<p>&#8220;I bet I've already seen all of your dreams on television,&#8221; Howard said over the laughter of all the other kids in the classroom. &#8220;I bet I know the endings too!&#8221;</p>

<p> Benjamin stared out the window into the parking lot for the remainder of the day. He didn't know why school needed to be so difficult. Why was it so hard to make friends?</p>

<p>For dinner, Mr. Buckingham made waffles topped with fruit because it was his favorite meal and because he had decided that the family did not consume enough waffles. Benjamin did not have any complaints but he was distracted by everything he had gone through that day. He had dreamed a nightmare and then lived through one in the classroom.</p>

<p>&#8220;We had to read through our dream journal at school today,&#8221; Benjamin began, slowly.</p>

<p>&#8220;That's great,&#8221; Mrs. Buckingham responded as she set the table. &#8220;How did it go?&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Not good.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Why not?&#8221; Mr. Buckingham said as he continued to make waffles.</p>

<p>&#8220;None of my dreams are creative. I'm not creative. My dreams aren't dreams.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Sure they are. You told me all about those dinosaur dreams,&#8221; his dad continued. &#8220;And, frankly, I don't know how anyone would think that they weren't creative. It takes a lot of creativity to imagine a stegosaurus navigating a sailboat.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Well, it's just that they aren't my dreams. They're all from<i> Jurassic Superheroes</i>.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Are you watching that episode I told you not to watch?&#8221; his mother asked as she handed him a napkin.</p>

<p>&#8220;No, but all my dreams star me and I go around with the dinosaurs stopping Professor Undutois.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Those are great dreams!&#8221; his dad continued while making more waffles.</p>

<p>&#8220;I think we have enough waffles,&#8221; Mrs. Buckingham whispered.</p>

<p>&#8220;Ten more?&#8221; he asked quickly. &#8220;Did you know that I haven't had a dream in months. I couldn't tell you the last dream I've had. I'd love to have a dream where I am parading around with dinosaurs solving crimes. I feel like most people these days can't dream. There was a time when everyone had dreams and now it's all gone. You should be thrilled to have dreams.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;But, all the other kids in school have dreams that are much different than mine. I want my dreams to be like their dreams.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Different is good. You should be glad you're different. One day, you might regret that.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm thinking about throwing away the dinosaur posters in my room,&#8221; Benjamin said to his parents.</p>

<p>Mr. Buckingham put down the waffle maker and Mrs. Buckingham stopped setting the table. They were surprised with Benjamin. He had not thought about it for very long but he had decided that by getting rid of the dinosaurs in his room, he would begin to have different dreams.</p>

<p>&#8220;How about this,&#8221; Mr. Buckingham continued slowly. &#8220;You keep all the dinosaur stuff in your room for a month. If you don't have a creative dream in a month, we'll redesign your room to something else. Maybe sports? Cars?&#8221; Mr. Buckingham paused and looked at Mrs. Buckingham briefly. &#8220;Girls?&#8221;</p>

<p>Mrs. Buckingham rolled her eyes at Benjamin's dad.</p>

<p>&#8220;I think you've had a bad day,&#8221; she said. &#8220;But the great thing about having a bad day is that the next day is always better. &#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Who wants some waffles?&#8221; Mr. Buckingham asked with four enormous plates of waffles topped with very little fruit.</p>

<p>The television was playing in the family room and an emergency alert appeared at the bottom of a news television show: <i>IN THIS ECONOMY, WE CAN NO LONGER DREAM...</i> Great, Benjamin thought. Nightmares are everywhere.</p>


</div>

</body>

</html>
