<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
   "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" />
<title>Chapter 28 School</title>
</head>

<body lang="EN-US" style="tab-interval:.5in">

<div>

<h1 id="chapter28" class="page-break-before"><span class="chapter-number">Chapter 28</span><br/><span class="chapter chapter-description"> School</span></h1>

<p class="introduction">Mrs. Buckingham drove quickly through the neighborhood, careful not to run into any chipmunks and squirrels walking across the street. Her eyes were focused on the road like a racecar driver searching for a finish line. The news reporter on the radio was going on and on about the same story.</p>

<p>&#8220;In a report issued last night, people everywhere are dreaming again,&#8221; the reporter said. &#8220;The dreams are back and people are more confident than ever. For more on this story, we're turning to field reporter Rebecca&mdash;&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I don't understand why every morning has to be like this,&#8221; she said to Benjamin who sat silently in the passenger seat. Benjamin bounced his head against his seat.</p>

<p>&#8220;I didn't hear my alarm,&#8221; Benjamin said quickly.</p>

<p>&#8220;You say that every morning,&#8221; Mrs. Buckingham said as she swerved around a group of chipmunks fighting over a nut. &#8220;And every morning I have to race through the neighborhood giving all the little critters along the way heart attacks.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;I can be late.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You cannot be late.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;Sure, Billy comes in late almost every day.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;You aren't Billy. I don't even know who Billy is. Who's Billy?&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin heard a pigeon scream as it narrowly missed being struck by their little car.</p>

<p>&#8220;I'll make it up. No big deal.&#8221;</p>

<p>&#8220;No big deal? Benjamin, we still have to talk about where you were. This is a big deal.&#8221;</p>

<p>Mrs. Buckingham slammed on the brakes and stopped at a red light. Benjamin flew forward and nearly hit his head on the dashboard.</p>

<p>&#8220;It's not like we learn anything at school anyways,&#8221; Benjamin said.</p>

<p>Mrs. Buckingham stared at him with accusing eyes for about a minute. Benjamin didn't know why she didn't agree. He learned more in Castle Ehtahl than he had in all of his days in Mr. Marchetta's classroom.</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin, I love you and sometimes you say the most ridiculous things. Where were you this morning, by the way? You were outside for almost an hour,&#8221; his mother said as she accelerated the car faster and faster.</p>

<p>Benjamin smiled and wondered how much easier it would have been to get to Aloysius Trenhaile's castle if he had a car. He then wondered how much sooner he would have gotten home had he had roads to follow like the roads in his neighborhood. And then, he wondered how much further he could have traveled each day if there were lights scattered to illuminate his path. There were things everywhere along this race to school that made Benjamin wonder whether he could have endured less in his voyage.</p>

<p>And at that moment when a squirrel jumped over the car to avoid Mrs. Buckingham's dash to the finish line, he knew that it would all be different. If he had things that could have made his journey easier, he would not have evolved from the boy who was scared of everything into the boy who was scared of a lot less. He gained a lot more of everything.</p>

<p>&#8220;Bye, mom,&#8221; Benjamin said as he exited the car in front of the school.</p>

<p>The school looked the same. Nothing had changed. It had a boring exterior. The grass was barely alive. Kids trampled over each other to get through the door before the bell rang. It was exactly as it was. There was nothing different.</p>

<p>And, Benjamin was OK with that.</p>

<p>Because for the first time in his life, he knew that he was different.</p>

<p>And he was fine with being different.</p>

<p>He sat in Mr. Marchetta's classroom as the teacher lectured about forests.</p>

<p>&#8220;Forests have lots of animals in them. There are deer, birds, raccoons, and all sorts of animals. The only animal you don't find in a forest is people. We don't live in forests. We live in cities. Forests don't have toilets or grocery stores or movie theaters. You think it's funny but if you ever decide to spend some time in a forest, you'll learn it's not an enjoyable place. You're going to want to leave. Forests are the worst. They are scary and ruthless and dangerous. There's nothing fun about a forest. But if you find yourself in a forest, make sure to mark trees with a rock as you walk. That way, you'll know how to exit. You just search for the trees that you marked. And then, you'll be on your way out unless...&#8221;</p>

<p>Benjamin stared out the window and watched a large billowing cloud move slowly along the blue canvas of the sky toward the golden sun resting above the buildings across the street. He saw Mr. Marchetta's fancy car parked outside the school. It was orange and looked like it would move much faster than his mother's car. He didn't like it. Part of the reason he didn't like it was because Mr. Marchetta owned it. But, the other part that he didn't like was that it looked out of place. He wanted to see a tree or a bush or a river or a volcano instead. Or, he wanted to see Myrna. Or King Bernard Zwirn. Or Miss Lindenmeyer. Or Barnaby. Or Chesterfield. Or Selma.</p>

<p>But then, the landscape changed. Benjamin saw Snark appear from seemingly out of nowhere. Benjamin's heart raced and his eyes widened as he stretched his neck to see what Snark was going to do.</p>

<p>The ground vibrated with each step Snark took, pounding the pavement and rattling the windows. Snark paused and turned his gigantic head. Benjamin knew Snark was looking directly at him. Snark's mouth opened slightly to reveal his teeth and Benjamin saw him pant lightly like a dog when it's happy.</p>

<p>Benjamin grinned as well.</p>

<p>Snark lifted his left leg high into the air and then slammed it down into Mr. Marchetta's car. It made the same sound as when Benjamin stepped on an empty soda can. And since Benjamin liked that sound so much, it was impossible for him to not stop laughing.</p>

<p>Snark left as quickly as he arrived but not without waving to Benjamin.</p>

<p>&#8220;Benjamin, why aren't you paying attention?&#8221; Mr. Marchetta asked with a stern, angry look.</p>

<p>&#8220;Because he's lost,&#8221; Howard Horne snickered from the back. &#8220;Benjamin's lost in the forest.&#8221;</p>

<p>The class, Howard Horne's audience, giggled in response. Mr. Marchetta started to laugh as well. Benjamin looked around and saw that he was the joke of everyone around him.</p>

<p>But unlike weeks ago when Benjamin was bullied and felt like there was nothing outside of that classroom for him, he knew that there was a big world ready to welcome him. He didn't need bullies. He didn't need mean people. He knew where he belonged.</p>

<p>&#8220;I'm not lost,&#8221; Benjamin said. &#8220;I know exactly who I am.&#8221;</p>

</div>

</body>

</html>
